India offers to give up veto power temporarily at UNSC	"India and other G4 nations have offered to forgo their veto power if granted permanent membership in a reformed Security Council. ""The issue of veto is important, but we should not allow it to have a veto over the process of Council reform itself,"" said India's Permanent Representative to the UN Syed Akbaruddin."
Superwoman tweets to Sushma Swaraj to slam visa delay	YouTuber Lilly Singh, also known as Superwoman, took to Twitter to reveal that she has been facing difficulties in acquiring her Indian visa. In a series of tweets, she tagged PM Narendra Modi and Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj. She further said that she had applied for a one year visa but was only granted one for three months.
44,000 toilets must be built daily to make UP ODF by 2018	Around 44,000 toilets need to be built daily by the Uttar Pradesh government to make the state open defecation free (ODF) by October 2, 2018, Chief Secretary Rajiv Kumar said on Monday. He further directed district magistrates to speed up the construction work and said they should devote at least half an hour daily to monitor the progress.
Bowlers second-class citizens in white-ball cricket: Bond	"Former New Zealand pacer Shane Bond has called bowlers ""second-class citizens"" in modern limited-overs cricket. ""In an era gone by, the pattern was to tee-off in the first 15 overs, build through the middle and then launch a final onslaught. That philosophy has now gone out the window...slow bowlers are resorting to a more negative line of bowling,"" said Bond."
UK to replace £1 coin to combat counterfeiting	The UK government is encouraging the public to return old £1 coins as the Treasury will be introducing a new 12-sided coin to replace it. The measure has been introduced to end counterfeiting, with reports suggesting nearly 2.55% of the 40 crore old coins in circulation are fake. The old coins shall become invalid by October.
?10L compensation for J&K man used as human shield by Army	Jammu and Kashmir Human Rights Commission has asked the state to give ?10 lakh within six weeks as compensation to the man who was used as a human shield by Army to avoid stone pelting. The man was tied to a military jeep by Major NL Gogoi on April 9. Gogoi claimed that his act saved at least 12 lives.
Delhi Metro line halted for hours as bird gets electrocuted	Delhi Metro's Blue Line services were hit for over three hours on Tuesday evening as a technical snag occurred after a bird got electrocuted on an overhead wire and caused a short circuit. Officials said the insulator of overhead equipment broke down, causing electrical wire entanglement with a train. The bird died, and thousands of passengers were stranded.
Air India's missing painting arrives at head office	A painting which went missing from Air India's archives, was recently delivered to the airline's head office via post. The package did not mention the sender's name and had the painting made by Jatin Das for Air India, in a rolled up and damaged condition. The address registered by the sender was found to be a fake one in Gurugram.
UK explosion suicide bomber died at scene: Police	The suicide bomber who carried out the explosion on Monday night at Ariana Grande's concert in UK's Manchester Arena died at the scene in the explosion, police have said. The bomber who is believed to have been acting alone detonated an improvised explosive device, police added. The death toll from the attack has risen to 22 with 59 injured.
Show that lets men guess if woman is fat or pregnant slammed	"A Dutch game show was slammed by people for an episode which had an all-male panel 'guess' whether a woman was pregnant or fat. ""For everyone thinking The Netherlands is great. We reached a new low yesterday night,"" tweeted a user. Reportedly, one of its episodes had a segment where contestants guessed if a man was Chinese or Japanese.n"
Congress-led UPA made economy strong: President Mukherjee	"Speaking at the India Today Conclave 2017, President Pranab Mukherjee said, ""Four of the five years during the UPA-I the growth rate was more than 8 percent. The base of Indian economy was so strong that it sustained 2008 global economic crisis."" Mukherjee also praised PM Narendra Modi, saying, he has acquired mastery over external affairs."
Ex-bureaucrats slam Govt in open letter over cow vigilantism	"Over 60 retired IAS and IPS officers have written an open letter to the Narendra Modi government asking it to enforce the rule of law and not allow vigilantism to grow. ""Gau rakshaks function with impunity and seem to be doing so with the tacit complicity or active encouragement of state machinery,"" the ex-bureaucrats said."
Nehru-Gandhi family responsible for problems in Kashmir: BJP	"BJP leaders Smriti Irani and Meenakshi Lekhi have blamed India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and the Gandhi family for the problems in Kashmir and added that ""the country knows it"". This comes after Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi blamed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's policies for creating space for terrorists in the Valley."
Man arrested for receiving 'anti-national' WhatsApp message	A man was arrested at the Chennai airport last week allegedly for receiving an audio message seen as anti-national, on his phone. The man was released on Monday after a judge told the police that a random message on a phone was not a sign of anti-national activities. It doesn't warrant arresting someone on charges of sedition, the court added.
Uttarakhand witnessed maximum number of protests in 2016	Uttarakhand had witnessed the maximum number of protests (21,966) in 2016, followed by Tamil Nadu (20,450) and Punjab (11,876), according to the Bureau of Police Research and Development. Uttarakhand saw protests on several issues, including President's rule and a smart city project. Notably, Nagaland was the last state on the list with only one protest through 2016.
Lashkar terrorist from UP arrested in Kashmir	The Jammu and Kashmir Police on Monday arrested a man belonging to Uttar Pradesh's Muzaffarnagar area for allegedly working as a Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist. As per reports, the man, identified as Sandeep Kumar Sharma alias Adil, was part of the three attacks on security forces in the last month. He allegedly sheltered terrorists and ferried them from one place to another.
Gurugram firm hit by ransomware, hackers demand ?24L Bitcoin	Servers of a Gurugram-based clothing company have reportedly been hit by a ransomware attack, with the hackers demanding about ?24 lakh in Bitcoin. In a police complaint, the company said that it received an email in which the hackers threatened to wipe out all its financial data and bank transactions if it did not meet the demands.
Things became difficult: Angelina on what led to her divorce	"Actress Angelina Jolie, while explaining what led to her divorce with Brad Pitt, said, ""Things became difficult."" Talking about her equation with Pitt now, she added, ""We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal."" Jolie, who has six children with Pitt, filed for divorce in September last year."
Nirbhaya gangrape convicts to file review petition in SC	"After the Supreme Court upheld death penalty to four convicts in the 2012 Nirbhaya gangrape case, the convicts' lawyer said, ""We will file review petition after reading the order."" Alleging that the human rights of the convicts have been neglected, he added, ""Justice is not done... You cannot give a death sentence to anyone for a message to the nation."""
Mastermind of inter-state fake coins racket held in Delhi	The Delhi Police has arrested the alleged mastermind of an inter-state gang that made fake ?10 and ?5 coins at factories in Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Bihar, the police said on Tuesday. A car and fake coins of the face value of ?17,390 were also seized. This is reportedly the seventh arrest in the fake coins racket.
India ranks 78th on global passport-strength list: Survey	The Indian passport has ranked 78th in a list of the world's strongest passports, as it offers visa-free or visa on arrival facilities to 46 countries, according to financial advisory firm Arton Capital. Afghanistan's passport has been rated the weakest, with a rank of 95, while Pakistan's passport has been placed second lowest, occupying the 94th position.
Developed '6-hitting' skills while playing with men: Kaur	"Indian batswoman Harmanpreet Kaur said that she developed her skill of 'six-hitting' while playing alongside men during the formative years of her career. Talking about her unbeaten 171-run knock in the ICC Women's World Cup semifinal against Australia, Harmanpreet said, ""I was happy that I played that knock when the team needed and the team won."""
Dravid spent 735 hrs 52 mins at crease, most for any batsman	Former Indian batsman Rahul Dravid, who debuted on June 22, 1996, spent 44,152 minutes (735 hours 52 minutes) at the crease in Test cricket, the most for any batsman. Dravid faced 31,258 balls in his 16-year-long Test career, setting the record for most balls faced by a batsman. Dravid retired from Test cricket in 2012, amassing 13,288 runs.
Pics from Jr NTR film Jai Lava Kusa leaked, culprit arrested	Pictures from Junior NTR's upcoming Telugu film Jai Lava Kusa were leaked online, following which the film's production house stated that some of the culprits who leaked the content have been identified and arrested. The makers requested fans on Twitter not to share those leaked images as they are part of a crucial scene in the film.
Infosys CEO Sikka arrives in driverless golf cart to meeting	Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka arrived in a driverless automated golf cart at the company headquarters ahead of a press conference on quarterly results. He posted a photo on Twitter, stating the car was built by Infosys engineering services team at its Mysore centre. Sikka earlier pointed out advances in computer processing speeds, implying growth in the area of Artificial Intelligence.
Amit Shah to contest Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat	Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President Amit Shah, and Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani will contest the Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat, the party announced on Wednesday. Shah is currently an MLA in Gujarat, while Smriti Irani has been re-nominated to the Rajya Sabha. This is reportedly aimed at strengthening BJP's presence in the Rajya Sabha.
Kohli willing to put DRS controversy behind him	"Indian captain Virat Kohli is willing to put Steve Smith's DRS controversy behind him. ""A lot has been given into the DRS incident I feel and it's time we focus on the remainder of the series,"" Kohli said. ""One side will say one thing and other will say another and that just takes the focus away from cricket,"" Kohli added."
2 officers held in Mumbai for helping illegal immigration	Two senior immigration officers posted at the Mumbai International Airport were arrested for their involvement with a gang that helped people illegally fly out of the country. The immigration officers, Anil Surse and Harshal Patil, allegedly let people pass through the immigration without important checks. They helped at least 50 people without proper documentation leave the country, police said.
Political parties depositing old notes exempt from tax	"Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia on Friday said that political parties depositing old ?500 and ?1,000 notes in their accounts will be exempt from income tax. If the amount is deposited in an individual's account then ""that information will come into our radar"", he stated. Notably, the I-T Act grants exemption from tax to political parties in respect of their income."
Newly-married couple queues up to cast votes in BMC polls	"A couple that got married on Tuesday morning lined up outside a polling station in Bhandup wearing wedding attires to cast their votes for the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) polls. ""Some relatives objected to us leaving the rituals midway, but we convinced them and finally were allowed to go to the polling booth,"" the groom said."
Fans slam Rahman for singing Tamil songs in UK concert	"Fans slammed composer AR Rahman on Twitter for performing Tamil songs during his Wembley concert in UK on July 8. A user tweeted, ""Seems like he has forgotten Hindi music...brought him international fame."" Defending Rahman, a user wrote, ""Tasting the own medicine...this is how we feel when you do Hindi imposition."" Rahman reportedly performed 12 Tamil and 16 Hindi songs."
Don't drop catches else Smith will score a ton: Clarke	"Former Australian captain Michael Clarke has advised the Indian cricket team to not drop catches or else current Australian captain Steve Smith will score a century. Clarke, who recently had a dinner with Indian captain Virat Kohli, called him a strong character and said, ""He is ready and focused on the Bengaluru Test""."
Pic of Salman with Playboy model Ronja surfaces online	A picture of actor Salman Khan with Austrian actress and Playboy model Ronja Forcher has surfaced online. Ronja will reportedly play a cameo role in Salman's upcoming film 'Tiger Zinda Hai', which is scheduled to release on December 22. Ronja has featured on the cover of the April edition of Playboy Germany magazine.
Bankrupt former tennis star's Porsche, Maserati towed away	Former tennis star Boris Becker, who was recently declared bankrupt by a London court, had his Porsche Cayenne GTS and electric blue Maserati GHIBLI-S towed by authorities in London. Becker has been slapped with two parking tickets after he left his cars outside a South Kensington private member's club. Notably, Becker has failed to pay a long-standing debt since 2015.
Jagga Jasoos actress Bidisha found dead in her Gurugram home	Actress and singer Bidisha Bezbaruah, who was recently seen in Ranbir Kapoor-starrer 'Jagga Jasoos', allegedly committed suicide at her Gurugram residence. According to police officials, she had not been taking calls since Monday evening, and was later found hanging from the ceiling of her rented flat. Her father said she had quarrels with her husband, whom she married last year.
Ambika Soni to step down as Congress' General Secretary	Congress leader Ambika Soni on Friday announced that she is stepping down as the party's General Secretary in-charge of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh, citing poor health as the reason. However, she will continue as the Member of Parliament for Congress in Rajya Sabha, and will also serve her additional responsibilities in the two states till new appointments are made.
Russian pranksters dupe US official to talk about pig manure	"Russian pranksters fooled US Energy Secretary Rick Perry into believing he was discussing American coal exports and pig manure with Ukrainian PM Volodymyr Groysman. The pranksters convinced Perry that Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had invented a new biofuel made using pig manure and home-brewed alcohol. Perry called the idea ""interesting,"" saying he looked forward to meeting Poroshenko."
I can learn a lot from Ashwin: Nathan Lyon	"Australian spinner Nathan Lyon has said that he can learn a lot from his Indian counterpart Ravichandran Ashwin. Lyon also revealed that he has been analysing the Indian spinner to improve his own bowling. Lyon has admitted that playing in India would be a ""good challenge"" for the entire Australian team."
Sports Min to set up grievances panel for women athletes	"Sports Minister Vijay Goel announced on International Women's Day that the Ministry will soon set up a panel to tackle grievances of female athletes. The panel will include athletes, advocates and senior officials of the Ministry apart from a woman sports journalist, under the Chairmanship of Joint Secretary (Sports). ""The ministry follows a zero-tolerance policy on sexual harassment,"" Goel said."
Pakistan hopes to resume talks with India post state polls	"Pakistani Minister Ahsan Iqbal has said there will be a better environment to pursue peace talks with India after Assembly elections in India will be over. Alleging Pakistan is an election issue in the state Assembly elections in India, Iqbal further said, ""This is a bit unfortunate that they (India) are taking, you know, strong positions along the electoral cycle""."
Lizards' genitals sold to enhance sex, racket busted in MP	"Enforcement agencies recently discovered that genitals of big monitor lizards were being smuggled and sold as ""lucky charm"" for better sex life and fertility in men. Madhya Pradesh Special Task Force busted the racket in Indore and Khargone arresting three traders and a priest. They seized 68 pieces of the body part, some of which were smeared with vermillion."
BJP MP backs claim of Modi's conspiracy against Advani	"BJP MP Vinay Katiyar on Thursday said that there may be some truth to RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav's allegations that PM Narendra Modi has conspired against Advani. ""There were rumours that Advani would become President. The CBI is in PM's hands and it said the case against Advani should take place,"" Lalu had added."
Union ministers skip Pranab Mukherjee's last Iftar as Prez	No minister from the Union Cabinet attended President Pranab Mukherjee's last Iftar party as Indian President on Friday. Although Narendra Modi has not attended the Iftar party since he became Prime Minister, Rajnath Singh and Arun Jaitley have previously attended the annual event. However, Sonia Gandhi and Ghulam Nabi Azad attended the party held at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Deepika to appear on 'The Ellen DeGeneres Show': Reports	As per reports, actress Deepika Padukone will feature on American television talk show 'The Ellen DeGeneres Show'. Reportedly, she will appear on the show to promote her upcoming Hollywood debut film 'xXx: Return of Xander Cage'. Deepika will be seen playing the role of Serena Unger in the action film, also starring Vin Diesel.
81% of fund for malnourished kids went unused in Maharashtra	According to an analysis by National Centre for Advocacy Studies, ?1,084 crore or 81% of ?1,339 crore released by Maharashtra government to provide food for malnourished children in April- June 2017 remained unused. Most of the money spent under Centre's Integrated Child Development Scheme was used in providing ready-to-cook food items, which allegedly taste bad and cause indigestion.n
Bombay High Court to appoint committee to review Jolly LLB 2	The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court ordered a three-member committee to review the Akshay Kumar-starrer 'Jolly LLB 2' on Wednesday. The court also asked the committee to find out whether the allegations levelled by petitioner Ajaykumar Waghmare are true. Waghmare had stated that the film is an attempt to malign the reputation of the legal profession.
Player who reported racial abuse banned by Italian Serie A	Pescara midfielder Sulley Muntari has been banned for one game after he walked off the pitch at Cagliari on Sunday, having been booked for complaining to the referee about racial abuse by the crowd. Serie A's disciplinary committee also said that no action would be taken against Cagliari because only around 10 supporters were involved in abusing Muntari.
Woman falls off California's tallest bridge, survives	A woman, who fell from the tallest bridge in USA's California while taking a selfie and landed 60 feet below on a trail, is expected to survive, the Placer County Sheriff's office said. The woman suffered several fractured bones and requires surgery. She fell from the 730-feet-tall Foresthill Bridge, the highest in California and among the highest in the US.
Indian fisherman shot dead by Sri Lankan Navy	An Indian fisherman was shot dead on Monday by the Sri Lankan Navy off the coast of Tamil Nadu. The Sri Lankan Navy had opened fire at a group of more than 2,000 fishermen while they were fishing between Danushkodi and Katchatheevu. Four other fishermen have sustained injuries in the incident.
SBI spent ?775 crore in maintaining Jan Dhan accounts: Govt	The total cost of operation of Jan Dhan accounts by SBI has been around ?775 crore as on December, 2016, Union Minister Santosh Kumar Gangwar said. Further, the number of zero balance Jan Dhan accounts was 6.32 crore. Moreover, over 92 lakh such accounts in different banks have been frozen due to lack of transactions last year, he added.
BJP questions Salman as open defecation drive ambassador	"Mumbai BJP President Ashish Shelar has questioned the appointment of Bollywood actor Salman Khan as the brand ambassador of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's drive against open defecation. He also raised the issue of a Humboldt penguin's death in Mumbai zoo. ""Those who killed a penguin have appointed a brand ambassador who killed a black buck, it really amuses me..."", Shelar added."
Tamil Nadu witnesses trust vote for 1st time in 30 years	Tamil Nadu on Saturday witnessed a trust vote for the first time in 30 years as the last time it happened was when the former state CM MG Ramachandran's party split after his death. While state CM Edappadi Palanisamy has claimed the support of 124 MLAs and asserted his government will stay, O Panneerselvam has the backing of 11 MLAs.
3 Indian male badminton players in top-15 for first time	For the first time in Indian badminton's history, three Indian male players are ranked inside the BWF world rankings' top-15. Ajay Jayaram, Kidambi Srikanth and B Sai Praneeth occupy the 13th, 14th and 15th place respectively in the latest BWF rankings released on Thursday. India's female shuttlers PV Sindhu and Saina Nehwal maintained their 3rd and 11th place respectively.
Bank data of 1 cr Indians was up for sale for 20 paise each	Delhi Police has busted a module that sold information including bank account details and card details of over 1 crore people. Police have arrested an accused in the case, who allegedly sold this data at about 20 paisa per individual. The data was sold to fake call centres, which would use it to obtain victims' one-time passwords to steal money.
'Fearless Girl' statue stares down Wall Street Charging Bull	"A statue of a young girl staring down the bronze Charging Bull came up on Wall Street, New York ahead of International Women's Day on Wednesday. 'The Fearless Girl' statue says, ""Know the power of women in leadership. SHE makes a difference."" It was installed by State Street Global Advisors to encourage companies to increase the number of women directors."
Priyanka marks her 35th birthday on vacation with her family	"Actress Priyanka Chopra, who turned 35 today, has shared pictures celebrating the occasion on her ongoing vacation with her family. Most of her pictures show the actress with her mother Madhu Chopra and brother Siddharth. In one of the pictures she shared with a shark and stingray, Priyanka wrote, ""When a shark, stingray and a birthday girl make friends."""
Farmers will fire at BJP govt under Opposition: Cong leader	"Madhya Pradesh Congress leader Dilip Mishra said farmers will fire bullets at the BJP-led government under fellow Congress leader Ajay Singh. His tributes to the farmers killed in police firing come with this promise, he said. Claiming the Shivraj Singh Chouhan-led government ""killed democracy"" and ""Pradesh's farmers,"" Mishra added, ""Madhya Pradesh's public will also fire at the government."""
At one point, I felt dizzy when Mira was in labour: Shahid	"Actor Shahid Kapoor has revealed that when his wife Mira Rajput was in labour, there was a point when he started feeling dizzy. He added, ""Mira whacked me and said, 'Why are you getting dizzy? I'm doing all the work here."" Shahid and Mira had their first child Misha in 2016, a year after getting married."
Want to increase annual trade with India to $10 bn: Turkey	"Turkish President Recep Erdo?an, who is on a one-day visit to India, met PM Narendra Modi and said that Turkey's $6.5 billion annual trade volume with India is ""not enough"" and should be boosted to $10 billion. Erdo?an and Modi are also expected to discuss other strategic issues, including India's NSG membership bid and enhancing anti-terror cooperation during the visit."
Pregnant Serena Williams poses nude on cover of Vanity Fair	American tennis player Serena Williams, who is seven months pregnant, has posed nude on the cover of the August edition of Vanity Fair. In an interview to the magazine, Williams revealed she took at least five tests to confirm the pregnancy. Serena, who is engaged to the Reddit Co-founder Alexis Ohanian, won the Australian Open while she was pregnant.
Minister Babul Supriyo shares wrong pic of Rajkot bus stand	"Union Minister Babul Supriyo has shared a photo of a yet-to-be-built bus stand in Gujarat's Rajkot while saying that it has already been inaugurated. The photo later turned out to be a computer-aided drawing of the bus stand. However, Supriyo later admitted that he had got the photo from a friend, and had ""blindly"" posted it with the same text."
GST could raise India's GDP growth to over 8%, says IMF	The adoption of GST could help raise India's medium-term GDP growth to over 8% and create a single national market for enhancing the efficiency of the movement of goods and services, IMF has said. Further, IMF said that the implementation of a robust GST regime should be a key priority for the country, given its growth-enhancing effects.
Rajasthan introduces female patrol units to curb eve-teasing	Rajasthan has launched mobile patrolling units to prevent molestation, harassment or eve-teasing against women in the state. As many as 26 patrolling units, each comprising of two female constables, were flagged off from the Jaipur Commissionerate on Monday. The female constables have been provided 110cc scooters for easy mobility, wireless sets, sirens and a light-weight police baton.
Snapchat iOS app rating drops to 1-star on poor India remark	"The current rating of Snapchat's iOS app has dropped to mere one star over Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel's alleged remark of India being a ""poor"" country made in 2015. Several Indians are said to have uninstalled the app and many have given a one-star rating to the app with negative reviews. Snapchat's Android app rating has fallen to 3.9 stars."
Reliance Jio beats Airtel to become fastest 4G operator	Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio beat telcos Airtel, Vodafone and others, to become the fastest 4G service provider in India in December 2016, according to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India. In October, TRAI had revealed that Jio was India's slowest 4G operator. Jio recently announced its Happy New Year Offer that extends its introductory free services till March 31, 2017.
India got only 17 DRS referrals right out of 55 in 7 Tests	The Indian team got only 17 DRS referrals in their favour out of the 55 reviews it took during the seven Test matches since the series against England. While, the team got 10 referrals correct out of 42 taken in fielding, it had 7 successful reviews out of 13 in batting. India's success rate in DRS referrals stands at 30.9%.
Woman forced to carry toddler on lap for 3 hrs suing airline	An Asian-origin teacher is suing United Airlines for being forced to hold her two-year-old son on her lap during a three-and-a-half-hour flight after paying nearly $1,000 (?65,000) for his seat. United gave the seat to a standby passenger, and reportedly did not apologise until five days later. The airline requires children aged over two to have their own seats.
Imposters arrested for extorting money from politicians	Delhi Police on Friday busted a gang of imposters, who extorted money from politicians and bureaucrats by pretending to be politicians of the Congress or BJP. They allegedly used to demand money for party funds for the upcoming state elections. The imposters would also promise the victims a bigger role in the party or an election ticket.
Rijiju shares video of jawan slamming Afzal supporters, JNU	"Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju has shared a video on Twitter wherein a jawan is seen slamming sympathisers of 2001 Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru and Jawaharlal Nehru University students. ""The biggest threat is from those who live in this country but give slogans of Bharat murdabad,"" the soldier in the video, identified as Shriram Gorde, says."
Sri Lankan held for entering Delhi Airport on fake ticket	A Sri Lankan national was arrested for allegedly using a fake ticket to enter a terminal at the Delhi Airport on Monday, officials said. CISF personnel had found the accused, identified as Nuwan U Fernando, roaming suspiciously inside the terminal-III building. Fernando told officials he had used a cancelled ticket to enter the airport terminal to see off his mother.
World's oldest club to allow female golfers after 273 years	Scotland's Muirfield golf course, founded in 1744 and believed to be the oldest in the world, will allow women to attain membership for the first time. The decision reportedly comes after the club lost out on a chance to host the prestigious Open Championship. Women, however, will have to wait for nearly 2-3 years due to a membership waiting list.
Indian fast bowler assaulted in Greater Noida	Indian pacer Parvinder Awana, who has also represented Kings XI Punjab, was beaten up by a group of five unknown people in Greater Noida on Friday. The incident reportedly happened when Awana was crossing Greater Noida while returning from Haridwar, and the group thought that he was chasing them. The state police have started investigation into the assault.
Don't want to be called only action or comedy hero: Akshay	"Akshay Kumar has said he doesn't want anybody to say he's only an action or a comedy hero. He added, ""I want people to think...ye koi bhi role kar leta hai."" Akshay further said that in the first fourteen years of his career, he was typecast as an action hero and it was difficult to come out of that image."
Pak interim PM nominee faces ?13,000 crore corruption probe	Pakistan's interim Prime Minister nominee Shahid Abbasi, who most recently served as the country's Petroleum Minister, faces an inquiry over corruption in an over ?13,000-crore LNG (Liquefied natural gas) contract. Abbasi is accused of misusing his authority and causing a potential loss of ?12,000 crore to the national exchequer over 15 years.
Philippine Prez Duterte threatens to bomb tribal schools	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has threatened to bomb tribal schools, accusing them of teaching students to rebel against the government. Duterte condemned insurgents for destroying infrastructure and alleged that the schools were operated by the rebels without government permits. Human rights groups demanded that Duterte retract the threat and warned such an attack would be a war crime.
Rajiv Gandhi's killer jailed since 1991 seeks mercy killing	"Robert Pious, one of the convicts in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, has written to the Tamil Nadu government seeking mercy killing. ""I've been in prison for more than 27 years now...I can understand the intention of the government and as none of my family members have come to see me, I don't find anymore purpose in life,"" he said."
FreeCharge denies reports of sale to PayPal	"Homegrown e-wallet FreeCharge has dismissed reports that suggested global payments platform PayPal is set to buy a 25% stake in the company. Media reports claimed on Sunday that PayPal is expected to take a significant stake in FreeCharge for around $200 million.  ""There is no such discussion or proposal and the story is completely incorrect,"" a FreeCharge spokesperson said."
Koena files sexual harassment case after getting lewd calls	"Actress Koena Mitra has filed a sexual harassment complaint after receiving lewd phone calls from a stranger. The man reportedly kept calling her, offered her money for a night out and verbally abused her. ""From July 24, I started getting calls from random numbers,"" said Koena. She decided to approach the police when the calls didn't stop coming."
Shirdi Saibaba temple got offerings worth ?403 cr in 2016	The Shirdi Saibaba temple in Maharashtra received offerings worth ?403.75 crore in 2016 as against ?393 crore it received in 2015. The temple received ?258.42 crore through offerings in the form of cash, online money transfers, credit/debit cards, and these offerings received an interest of ?125.95 crore from the banks. At present, 371-kg of gold is in the temple's locker.
78 bank accounts of Zakir Naik's NGO under NIA scanner	The National Investigating Agency (NIA) on Thursday said that 78 bank accounts of preacher Zakir Naik's NGO Islamic Research Foundation (IRF) are under its scanner. The agency also made it clear that next under scrutiny will be Naik's foreign bank accounts. The NIA has further claimed that IRF investments in real estate business stand at a whopping ?100 crore.
Punjab Cong MLA slams own govt over inactive anti-drug drive	"Punjab Congress MLA Surjit Dhiman has slammed the CM Captain Amarinder Singh-led government over the inactive anti-drug drive initiated in the state. Claiming that ""chitta"" (drugs) was ""easily available in every nook and corner,"" he said the state-sponsored anti-drug drive was ""effective for only the first 15 days of government."""
Would like some animal spirit in Indian entrepreneurs: Kotak	"Kotak Mahindra Bank MD Uday Kotak has said he would like to see a little bit of ""animal spirit"" in Indian businesses and entrepreneurs to come back. He further said that a nudge from the government, to see growth, would certainly be welcome. This would also help many from the startup ecosystem in moving to mainstream business arena, he added."
Actress Gautami questions Centre's silence on TN, Jaya issue	"Actress Gautami Tadimala has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, asking why the Centre was silent on pressing issues of Tamil Nadu, including the row over Jayalalithaa's death. She alleged that the Prime Minister had ignored Tamil Nadu's concerns. ""Is south India, most specifically Tamil Nadu, not deserving of the attention and accountability of our central government,"" she questioned."
I stress on female comedians not being eye-candy: Sugandha	Comedian Sugandha Mishra said she stresses on female comedians not being made eye-candy. She added that sometimes, makers of a comedy show keep women only for cues and give main lines to men. Sugandha further said that initially, good-looking girls find it difficult doing comedy as they're confused about negative portrayals, as is sometimes required in comedy shows.
Man loses arm fighting a crocodile to save dogs	A 26-year-old entered a restricted forest area of Karnataka's Thattekere Lake and lost his arm in an attack by a crocodile while trying to help his two dogs out of the lake. The incident happened when the IIT graduate, who is also a CEO of a startup, was out on a trekking expedition along with a friend and his dogs.
RBI Governor's basic pay hiked nearly 180% to ?2.5 lakh	The basic pay of RBI Governor has been retrospectively hiked to ?2.5 lakh from ?90,000 per month, with effect from January 1, 2016. RBI Governor Urjit Patel, who assumed office in September 2016, will now receive around ?3.7 lakh in total per month. The basic pay of RBI Deputy Governors was also increased from ?80,000 to ?2.25 lakh per month.
I'm confident Kajol will be there in VIP 3: Dhanush	"Actor Dhanush, during a press meet of his upcoming film VIP 2 with Kajol, has said that he is confident that Kajol will be a part of VIP 3. He further said, ""It was really fascinating to share screen space with her. My performance went a notch up."" Kajol is returning to Tamil cinema after 20 years with VIP 2."
NGT directs UP, Delhi to clean debris from Yamuna floodplain	The National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Tuesday directed the irrigation departments of Delhi and Uttar Pradesh to remove debris from the Yamuna floodplains within three weeks. The NGT added that any ?inaction on part of authorities cannot be tolerated?. Notably, the Tribunal has reconstituted the Principal Committee responsible for overseeing the execution of the Yamuna cleaning project.
Woman set on fire by ex-husband 3 days after triple talaq	A Muslim woman was allegedly raped and set on fire by her ex-husband on Wednesday morning in Noida, three days after she was given triple talaq. The victim was married to the man since 2008 and had two children with him. The police have registered a case against the woman's husband and her in-laws.
Indian-origin man becomes UK's youngest doctor	An Indian-origin man, who studied in Gujarat until he was 13, has become UK's youngest ever doctor. Arpan Doshi got accepted for a medical course when he was 17 and graduated at the age of 21 years and 335 days. Doshi, who is due to start work next month, beat the previous record by 17 days.
Pak to get new team of lawyers after ICJ ruling	Pakistan will get a new team of lawyers to represent it at the ICJ in the Kulbhushan Jadhav case, Adviser to Prime Minister for Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz said, according to Pakistan's state-run news agency Associated Press of Pakistan. However, he also added that the current counsel had presented Pakistan's stance 'courageously' at the UN Court.
80% of officers in BSF are corrupt: Sacked jawan	"Dismissed from the Border Security Force (BSF) for uploading a video exposing 'substandard food' served to soldiers, Tej Bahadur Yadav has alleged that 80% officers of BSF are corrupt. ""Government sent us 18 different food items but several times, the authorities gave us only khichdi...The system is corrupt but not all officers are corrupt,"" he added."
Imposing service charge unfair; people need not pay: Paswan	"Consumer Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan on Wednesday said, ""Imposing service charge is an unfair trade practice. The consumers need not pay."" Suggesting that consumers should instead give the money to ""poor waiters"", he further stated that the price list in hotel menu cards should reflect all the costs, including the service charge."
21 flyers from one flight caught smuggling gold in bottles	Mumbai Customs' Air Intelligence Unit on Sunday night arrested 21 passengers from a single flight for smuggling over 100 pieces of gold valued at ?1.7 crore. The passengers, who were from a UP village, were allegedly working for a Lucknow-based gold smuggling syndicate and had hidden the gold in water bottles. They had arrived by a Jet Airways Jeddah-Mumbai flight.
DIG Roopa gets notice to publish apology in newspapers	DIG Roopa, who submitted a report alleging VK Sasikala being given VIP treatment in jail, has been issued a notice asking her to publish an apology in leading newspapers. The notice has been served by transferred Karnataka DGP HN Satyanarayana Rao, who was blamed in the report for taking bribe to give Sasikala special treatment in jail.
China's richest man looks for successor after son refuses	"China's richest man Wang Jianlin, Chairman of multinational firm Dalian Wanda, on Monday said he is looking for a successor for his business after his son refused to take over. ""I have asked my son...he said he does not want to live a life like I do,"" Wang stated. It?s better to hand it to professional managers, he added."
Madhuri's affair with Sanjay, Jackie lies, claims ex-manager	Actress Madhuri Dixit's former manager Rikku has claimed that her affairs with actors Sanjay Dutt, Jackie Shroff and Anil Kapoor were all lies. He added that all the scandals were created by producers as part of their business strategy. Rikku further said that Madhuri was mostly linked with Dutt as she worked with him on multiple films.
Property papers worth crores looted from Jaya's bungalow	The police on Saturday discovered that property papers worth hundreds of crores were looted from ex-Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa's Kodanad estate bungalow on April 23, in which a security guard was also murdered. Notably, some papers were also in the name of AIADMK jailed chief Sasikala Natarajan. This comes amid the death of two accused in the guard's murder.
No celebrations for Pink's National Award win: Shoojit	"Pink's co-producer Shoojit Sircar, while talking about the film winning the National Film Award for Best Film on Other Social Issues, said, ""It still disturbs me when I watch my own film, so no celebrations."" He added, ""This film is to introspect, this film is not to celebrate."" The film revolves around the issue of sexual harassment and consent."
Modi not anti-Muslim; We must relook at triple talaq: Jung	Former Lieutenant Governor of Delhi Najeeb Jung has said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has no bias against Muslims and is concerned about the lack of leadership among the community. Jung further said that Muslims should themselves discontinue the triple talaq practice, which is backward and not in the interest of women.
Vadra slams BJP for naming Katiyar as UP star campaigner	"Congress President Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra has slammed the BJP for listing Vinay Katiyar, who made sexist remarks against Priyanka Gandhi, in the star campaigners for the upcoming Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls. Vadra said, ""Really shocks me to see a name in star campaigner list with tainted past and who completely disrespects women with his comments. God save us."""
Why did the BSF suspend Tej Bahadur Yadav?	"The BSF on Wednesday sacked constable Tej Bahadur Yadav, who had complained of ""substandard food"", for damaging the ""image of the BSF"". He was found guilty of not obeying orders by carrying two phones on duty and posting photographs in uniform on social media. Yadav was charged with making false allegations and not adhering to the formal grievance redressal system."
GST launch event insults 1947 midnight session: Congress	"Congress leader Anand Sharma on Friday said that the Parliament's midnight session for the GST launch was an insult to the 1947 midnight session where former PM Jawaharlal Nehru announced the country's independence. ""We cannot compare a tax launch with the country's independence...There have been more important milestones in past but no midnight session was called for them,"" he added."
Selfie helps in busting gang of women pickpockets in Delhi	A US-based NRI woman's selfie has helped the CISF recover her stolen gold jewellery worth ?22 lakh and bust a gang of women pickpockets from a metro station in Delhi. The CISF said  the case was cracked with the help of a selfie the woman had clicked while travelling in the metro. The selfie had an accused in it.
Google's discrimination against women quite extreme: US govt	"Accusing technology major Google of underpaying women, the US Department of Labor said that ""discrimination against women in Google is quite extreme"". The government department also alleged that Google violated employment laws in relation to salaries for its female employees. Earlier this month, Google had claimed to have closed the gender pay gap globally."
Demolition of 'illegally built' temple in Delhi postponed	Delhi authorities have postponed the demolition of a temple allegedly built illegally in east Delhi's Shahdara. The Delhi High Court had ordered the demolition for Tuesday, but the Public Works Department said it was postponed to August due to 'administrative reasons'. This comes after a religious group warned of protests if the temple is demolished, reports said.
India's Premier Futsal to be bigger this year: Ronaldinho	"Former World Cup-winning Brazilian footballer Ronaldinho has said that he expects India's Premier Futsal league to be a bigger success this year. ""The very first season was a huge success that motivated everyone at the back here...I am very happy to be here and receive the love of fans and people from India,"" the 2005 FIFA Ballon d'Or winner said."
Not surprised by Shivaay's National Award win: Ajay Devgn	"Actor Ajay Devgn, producer of the film 'Shivaay' which won the National Award for Best Special Effect, has said that he is not at all surprised by the win. He added, ""I'm thankful to the honourable jury...This indeed is a well-deserved win."" Starring Ajay Devgn, the film is about a mountaineer and what happens when his daughter is kidnapped."
Man falls into gorge, spends night clinging to tree branch	A man from Pune fell into a 150-foot gorge in Madhe ghat, where he clung to a tree branch whole night before getting rescued the next day. Ramesh Mane was out on a trip with his friends, who while coming back realised Mane was missing. His friends said they were surprised on finding that Mane did not have major injuries.
Kamal Haasan posts message on elder brother's demise	"Actor Kamal Haasan took to Twitter to post a message after the demise of his elder brother Chandrahasan (82) on Saturday night. ""He was a friend, philosopher, brother and a good father. I've failed to fulfil even half of his dreams that he had for me,"" wrote Haasan. Notably, Chandrahasan was in charge of Kamal's home production Raajkamal Films International."
A town in Colorado requires every household to own a gun	A town in Colorado, US in 2013 passed an ordinance requiring every household to own a gun. Members of the Nucla Town Board voted 5-1 in favour of the ordinance, which was inspired by the Family Protection Ordinance passed by the town of Kennesaw, Georgia in 1982. The ordinance provides for the emergency management and general safety of the residents.
Called Kangana and apologised: Saif on nepotism act at IIFA	"Saif Ali Khan, in an open letter, said he called Kangana Ranaut and apologised personally for taking a dig at her during the 'nepotism rocks' act at IIFA 2017. ""I don't owe anybody else an explanation. The issue is over,"" he added. Talking about nepotism, Saif further wrote, ""It's the audience that makes a film a hit, not... family members""."
Man arrested for stabbing woman for rejecting proposal	A man was arrested on Thursday along with his accomplice for stabbing a 21-year-old woman in Najafgarh area in Delhi, according to reports. The accused, a friend of the victim's brother, claimed to be in love with the victim. When she rejected his proposal for a relationship, he decided to kill her, he told the police.
Katrina to turn producer and launch sister in B'wood: Report	As per reports, actress Katrina Kaif will turn producer to launch her younger sister Isabel in Bollywood. Earlier, reports of rumoured ex-boyfriend Salman Khan launching Isabel in Bollywood had emerged online. Notably, Isabel made her debut in films with 'Dr Cabbie', a Canadian romantic comedy, which was co-produced by Salman Khan.
HSBC being investigated for tax evasion by four Indians	Global banking giant HSBC has disclosed being probed by tax authorities in India for allegedly abetting tax evasion by four Indians and their families. The lender said it has received notices from the tax department and is cooperating with the authorities. Further, the bank has also been approached by other countries for information on people named in the Panama Papers.
Maha farmers to hold 'rasta roko' on Aug 14 for loan waiver	Farmers' organisations in Maharashtra will reportedly hold 'rasta roko' (blockade) on August 14 to restart their protests to demand farm loan waiver. This comes after the farmers' groups held a march in Pune to spread awareness about the alleged injustices to farmers. They also demanded that farmers be paid 50% minimum support price apart from input costs.
I wanted to make a film featuring Akshay Kumar: Shah Rukh	"Actor Shah Rukh Khan has said that he wanted to produce a film featuring actor Akshay Kumar, but the story and other details of the project couldn't be worked out. He added, ""It should've been done a long time back."" Shah Rukh further said it's very good that Salman Khan and Karan Johar are producing an upcoming film starring Akshay."
Suspected mortar shell found in Delhi, NSG called in	"A suspected mortar shell was found in Vasant Kunj in Delhi on Saturday and the National Security Guard (NSG) was called in, according to reports. The NSG picked up the explosive, placed it in a blast-proof vessel for transportation to Manesar, where it would be disposed off. ""It is alive enough to explode or be launched,"" said an official."
Kids of farmers who committed suicide join protest in Delhi	The children of farmers from states like Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra who committed suicide due to farm debts have joined the protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi. The children are demanding a waiver of loans and financial help for the families of the farmers. They also staged a street play showing the family's plight after a farmer commits suicide.
China warns Botswana over Dalai Lama visit	"China has slammed Botswana over a visit by the Dalai Lama next month, warning Botswana not to ""harm"" China's core interests. The Dalai Lama is expected to address a human rights conference in Botswana and meet its President next month. China opposes countries keeping contact with or hosting the Tibetan leader and warned countries against interfering in its internal affairs."
Minor repeatedly gang raped, blackmailed with video clip	A 15-year-old girl was repeatedly gang raped by four men in the Jamia Nagar area of Delhi, city police said on Monday. One of the accused had also recorded a video clip and blackmailed the minor saying he will upload it on social media, police added. The girl is three months pregnant and the accused are absconding, reports said.
Smith 1st to score 1,000+ Test runs in each of last 3 years	Australian captain Steve Smith has become the only player to score 1,000-plus Test runs in the last three calendar years, achieving the feat while bringing up his hundred against Pakistan on Thursday. Smith is now the fourth player in Test cricket to cross the 1,000-run mark for three consecutive years, joining Brian Lara, Marcus Trescothick and Kevin Pietersen.
What do you need Champions Trophy for, asks Ravi Shastri	"Ravi Shastri has said the ICC Champions Trophy dilutes the World Cup's importance. ""What do you need Champions Trophy for? Five years down the line, there will be very little 50-over cricket. There are too many ICC tournaments...If you ask me about the last 10-12 World Cups, I will tell you...ask me last three Champions Trophies...I don't know,"" said Shastri."
President clears bill banning hookah bars in Gujarat	"A bill banning hookah bars in Gujarat has been cleared by President Pranab Mukherjee, violation of which will attract a maximum fine of ?50,000 and a jail term of up to three years. ?Smoking a hookah is far more injurious to health than a cigarette. Our aim is to protect youth from this deadly addiction,"" a Gujarat Minister said."
India among most generous towards refugees: UN	India is among the most generous nations towards refugees, ensuring their safety and employment in the best of her capacity, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) has said. Adding that India provides them long-term visas instead of refugee cards, a UNHCR official said India has been tolerant with people of different backgrounds, unlike many other nations.
ACB files chargesheet against DCW chief Maliwal	"The Anti-Corruption Branch on Wednesday filed a chargesheet against Delhi Commission for Women chief Swati Maliwal in an alleged case of irregularities in recruitment for a women's right panel, officials said. ""They have favoured Aam Aadmi Party workers,? the ACB said. This comes after Maliwal's predecessor Barkha Singh Shukla of the Congress party filed a complaint in this regard."
Maha farmers to fast indefinitely to protest land acquisition	Farmers from 78 villages in Maharashtra are reportedly planning to go on an indefinite fast to protest the alleged forcible acquisition of farm land for the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor. Despite the project getting scaled down to one-third its original size, the 78 villages have not been denotified, activists said. Officials maintained that they are not planning forcible land acquisition.
Need regulatory body for medical devices, says Mazumdar-Shaw	"Biocon Chairperson Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw has called for establishing a standard setting regulatory body for medical devices, as non-certified devices put patients at serious risk. ""I certainly think we need to have a standard setting regulatory body,"" she stated. ""Precision of any medical intervention is critical as we cannot afford to have non-certified medical devices in the market,"" she added."
Man dies after smashing beer bottle on his head at Delhi pub	A 30-year-old man died due to excessive bleeding after he allegedly smashed a beer bottle on his head during the New Year celebrations on Saturday night, according to reports. Identified as Deepak Tandon, the victim was a resident of Punjab and had come to Delhi with three of his friends especially to celebrate the New Year.n
UK doctors find 27 contact lenses stuck in woman's eye	"UK doctors have found 27 contact lenses stuck together in a 67-year-old woman's eye while they were preparing her for a cataract surgery. The ""blueish mass"" was causing her discomfort that she attributed to dry eye and old age, doctors said. The patient said she had been wearing disposable contact lenses for 35 years but did not attend regular appointments."
Venezuela heading for dictatorship after 'sham' election: US	"Calling Venezuela's recent Constituent Assembly election a ""sham"", US Ambassador Nikki Haley said that Venezuela is heading towards a dictatorship. Haley also threatened strong and swift action against the ""architects of authoritarianism"" in Venezuela. She added that the US stands by Venezuelans and their constitutional representatives to restore their country to a full and prosperous democracy."
World's oldest steam engine re-inducted into Indian Railways	The world's oldest working steam locomotive in regular operation, 162-year-old Fairy Queen, has been re-inducted into service by the Indian Railways. The train took its first journey in five years on Saturday, travelling from Delhi Cantonment to Haryana's Rewari. Constructed in 1855 by Kitson, Thompson, and Hewitson in England, the Fairy Queen was brought to Calcutta (now Kolkata) in 1855.
ISRO to launch record 103 satellites in single flight in Feb	The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) is set to launch record 103 satellites in a single flight in February first week. As many as 100 of the satellites to be launched are from foreign nations. Earlier, ISRO had said it will launch 83 satellites but the launch got delayed due to the addition of more satellites, an official said.
Firing didn't last for over 20secs: Amarnath attack survivor	"Recounting Anantnag terror attack, one of the survivors said, ""The firing didn't last for more than 20 seconds. And, we couldn't see who was firing as it was dark outside."" He further said, ""People just rolled on the bus floor over one another."" Another survivor said, ""The people sitting near the driver's cabin bore the brunt but the driver survived."""
Nursery school holds monkey dance, Maneka Gandhi intervenes	A Delhi preschool recently organised a monkey dance for its students, following which Union Minister Maneka Gandhi intervened and its principal was removed. The school had advertised the event online, following which users informed Gandhi. The Rhesus Macaque monkey is protected under the Wildlife Protection Act, and using it for entertainment invites a punishment of up to seven years' jail.
Jawan's family abducted by liquor mafia in Haryana	"The family of Army jawan Jogendra Giri in Haryana's Sonepat area has reportedly been abducted by liquor mafia for allegedly opposing a liquor vendor in their village. Giri, who is currently posted at Jammu border, said, ""If soldiers are serving the nation, who is responsible for the safety of their family members? The administration needs to answer this."""
People drinking on Goa beaches could be arrested: Minister	"The Goa government on Tuesday told the state legislative assembly that strict action would be taken against people found drinking on state beaches and that they could even be arrested. ""The beaches should be clean and there should not be any illegality on them,"" Goa's Tourism Minister Manohar Ajgaonkar said. ""We will not mind arresting them, if required,"" he added."
Karun 4th player to be dropped after hitting triple century	Karun Nair has become the fourth player in cricket history to miss a Test after scoring a triple century in his previous match. Karun, who became India's second Test triple centurion in the Chennai Test against England in December, was replaced by Ajinkya Rahane, who returned from an injury. Inzamam-ul-Haq was the last triple centurion to be dropped, in 2002.
Ramdev chants 'Om' instead of saying 'Hello' over the phone	"A book on Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has revealed that while greeting someone over phone, instead of saying hello, he chants 'Om'. The book further says that young Ramdev, moved by Dayanand Saraswati's writings, quit school, fled from home, and enrolled himself in a 'gurukul'. ""I wanted to follow the path shown by the ancient sages,"" Ramdev claimed."
'Healing' garments made with herbs to be showcased at LFW	"Designer Reshma Merchant will showcase a line titled 'The White Rose Collection' which includes garments made with herbs at the Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2017. The garments have been created by customising bolts of silk, linen and cotton spun with hand-picked herbs like neem, turmeric and aloe vera. ""[W]e are reviving a 2000-year-old craft,"" said Merchant."
Indian soldiers to learn Chinese at Visva-Bharati University	The Visva-Bharati University has started a certificate level course to teach Mandarin (the Chinese language) to Indian soldiers which will reportedly help them gather intelligence. As many as 25 Army personnel have enrolled for the course this year. The university has, however, said that the course will introduce them to the centuries-old tie between the two nations.
B'desh 'tree man' regains use of hands after 16 surgeries	"A 27-year-old Bangladeshi named Abul Bajandar, dubbed the ""tree man"" for the bark-like lesions over his body, regained use of his hands after undergoing at least 16 surgeries for the treatment of one of the rarest diseases. Around five kilograms of growths were removed from his body, who is one of only four people to be diagnosed with epidermodysplasia verruciformis."
Winds favour me and I fly: Jaitley's Budget closing remark	"Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday concluded his Budget speech using a quote, ""When my aim is right, when my goal is in sight, the winds favour me and I fly"". Adding that the Budget's agenda was ""Transform, Energise and Clean India"", Jaitley said, ""There's no other day, which is more appropriate for this, than today""."
PM Modi inaugurates Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute at Patanjali Yogpeeth in Haridwar. The Patanjali Research Institute will be the first organisation in India to conduct clinical trials as per international standards in the field of Ayurveda. ""We must never forget the innovative spirit that our ancestors were blessed with,"" Modi said."
105-year-old sets record by cycling 22 kms in 1 hour	Robert Marchand, a 105-year-old Frenchman, has set a record in over-105s category, covering 22 kilometres in one hour. Marchand, who started cycling at an age of 68, accomplished the feat by completing 92 laps at a velodrome in Paris. He had earlier set a record in over-100s category in 2012, before beating it himself by cycling 26 kilometres in 2014.
Mouni Roy got lead role in 'Gold' based on talent: Producer	"Producer Ritesh Sidhwani has said that television actress Mouni Roy bagged the female lead role in 'Gold' opposite Akshay Kumar on the basis of her talent and not on anyone's recommendation. ""She was auditioned for that part and she gave a fantastic audition. We all, Farhan (Akhtar), Reema (Kagti) and everyone, watched the audition and we chose her,"" added Sidhwani."
Pakistan asks Facebook to link accounts to mobile numbers	Pakistan has asked social media giant Facebook to link opening of accounts on the social network with mobile numbers in an attempt to overcome the issue of fake accounts. Pakistan's Ministry of Information Technology said that fake accounts were often used to spread hate material on the platform. Notably, Facebook has over 3 crore users in the country.
Shiv Sena slams PM Modi for 'centralising power'	"Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for 'centralising power' and taking away the independence of the states. ""Do we have true democracy in the country if all affairs are going to be run according to the wishes of the Prime Minister?"" Thackeray questioned in an interview to the party's mouthpiece Saamana."
5 months after AIIMS doctor's suicide, murder case filed	Five months after the death of Sarvanan Ganeshan, a 26-year-old junior resident doctor of AIIMS, which was thought to be a suicide earlier, a murder case was registered last week in the case. Someone had forcefully injected a medicine in his right forearm and Ganeshan could not have done so, as he himself was right-handed, reports said.
You think you can say whatever you want? NGT asks Sri Sri	"Slamming Art of Living founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, the National Green Tribunal has told him, ""You have no sense of responsibility. Do you think you have the liberty to say whatever you want?"" This comes after Sri Sri said the NGT and the government should be fined for allowing his foundation's festival on Yamuna floodplains in March 2016."
Looking forward to get back to winning ways: Anil Kumble	"Indian coach Anil Kumble on Thursday said it was important to move ahead from the defeat in Pune and focus on the Bengaluru Test to get back to winning ways. ""Australia are a quality side. All the other touring sides were quality sides too. We are looking forward to this game to again start on a winning note,"" he added."
Apple partners Chinese firm for electric car battery: Report	Technology major Apple is reportedly working with Chinese battery manufacturer Contemporary Amperex to develop electric automotive batteries. Apple received a permit to start testing self-driving cars in April this year. The company's CEO Tim Cook has also confirmed that Apple is building technology for self-driving cars, but did not say whether it will make a car of its own.
Local newspaper vendor arrested over Ganguly death threat	Police on Friday arrested a newspaper vendor named Nirmalya Samanta in Midnapore for allegedly sending death threat letter to former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly. Samanta had reportedly sent the letter to Ganguly's Behala residence warning him against attending a cricket tournament in Midnapore on January 19. The district police has handed over Samanta to Kolkata Police for further investigation.
Tourists stranded in Manali after snowfall	Nearly 50 tourists are stranded in Kothi due to road blockade after heavy snowfall in Himachal Pradesh on Saturday, officials have said. While electricity supply was snapped in Shimla and Manali due to damaged power lines, traffic to tourist destinations Shimla, Manali and Dalhousie has been cut off. Meanwhile, efforts to rescue the tourists are underway.
Kajol hints at not working with Karan Johar in future	"Actress Kajol, on being asked if she is open to working with Karan Johar, hinted that she may not work with him in future. ""If any of my other friends want to offer me a film I'll definitely do it,"" she added. Kajol further said, ""You can't work alongside [people] if you don't talk""."
Vegan woman rams car into truck carrying chickens	A 26-year-old Georgian woman has been arrested for allegedly ramming her car twice into a truck carrying chickens, smashing its license plate. Judith Armstrong, who was tracked down by the police after she fled the scene, said she hit the vehicle because she was vegan. She faces charges of hit-and-run, aggressive driving and obstruction.
China opens cinema hall on disputed South China Sea island	China opened a cinema hall on Yongxing Island in the disputed South China Sea on Saturday, not far from where an American warship sailed earlier this month. Over 200 residents and soldiers attended an inaugural screening of the Chinese movie 'The Eternity of Jiao Yulu'. Several countries, including the Philippines and Malaysia, have territorial claims over the South China Sea.
Sisodia claims Twitter hack after anti-Anna tweets appear	"Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia on Saturday claimed that his Twitter account was hacked after anti-Hazare messages were retweeted from his account. ""Someone retweeting anti-Anna Hazare messages from account. Trying to delete them, not even getting deleted,"" he said. ""Pls don't believe them. I have greatest respect for Annaji. Can never say such things against him,"" he added."
Bihar cop gets his own son arrested for smuggling liquor	A police officer in Bihar's Darbhanga area, Inspector Prabhat Shankar Singh, got his own son arrested on charges of liquor smuggling in the state ahead of Holi festival. As per reports, the policeman's son had smuggled 25 bottles of foreign liquor into the dry state to sell it at a high price in order to make a huge profit.
Gambler lost ?57 lakh after betting on 'unlosable' UK PM May	"A gambler lost £70,000 (over ?57 lakh) as he believed that the UK election was ""unlosable"" for PM Theresa May. British bookmaker William Hill, which took the wager from an unnamed gambler, said around £20 million (?164 crore) was wagered, the majority of it backing May. Notably, May lost her parliamentary majority after calling an early election to strengthen it."
"Pakistan providing ""safe havens"" to terrorists: US"	"The US on Wednesday listed Pakistan among a list of nations providing ""safe havens"" to terrorists and said groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammed continue to operate and organise in the country. The annual 'Country Report on Terrorism' said, ""Pakistan did not take sufficient action"" against the groups and did not limit their ability to threaten US interests in Afghanistan."
Oppo fires Chinese employee for tearing Indian flag	Chinese smartphone maker Oppo has fired one of its employees named Suhahu for tearing a photograph of the Indian flag in the office premises in Noida. Suhahu, a Chinese national, tore the photo pasted on a wall and threw it in a dustbin. The termination comes after several people including Oppo employees protested outside the company's office.
Yogi Adityanath waives farmers' loan upto ?1 lakh in UP	During the first Cabinet meeting of the new Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday, CM Yogi Adityanath waived farmers' loan of up to ?1 lakh. The state will spend around ?36,000 crore to fund the loan waiver which will benefit around 86 lakh farmers. Loan waiver for farmers was one of the biggest poll promises of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Demonetisation has not affected me: Aamir Khan	"Actor Aamir Khan has said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's demonetisation move has not affected him as he spends only using credit cards and cheques. ""I believe it affected those people who have black money,"" he further said, adding that he doesn't have black money as he has been paying his taxes. Further, Aamir called for supporting Modi's demonetisation initiative."
Flyer at Delhi Airport hides gold worth ?57L in wire roll	"A 37-year-old man was arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle eight gold bars worth ?57 lakh at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi on Wednesday. The accused, a native of Rajasthan, was intercepted after his arrival from Riyadh via Bahrain. Customs said, ""The said eight gold bars were found concealed in the electric wire roll."""
Pakistan's spy agency ISI funding Jallikattu violence: Swamy	BJP MP Subramanian Swamy on Monday claimed the sudden violence at Chennai's Marina Beach during the ongoing Jallikattu protests was triggered by Pakistan's spy agency - Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI). This comes after violence broke out on Marina Beach and police used tear gas and water cannons to contain the mob. The organisers and genuine agitators had already dispersed, Swamy claimed.
Shah Rukh to have a cameo role in 'Baahubali 2': Reports	As per reports, Shah Rukh Khan will have a cameo role in the upcoming film 'Baahubali: The Conclusion'. Reportedly, the director of the film franchise SS Rajamouli is currently in talks with Shah Rukh for the role. The epic historical fiction film, which is the continuation of 'Baahubali: The Beginning', will feature Prabhas, Rana Daggubati and Anushka Shetty among others.
Truckers start indefinite strike to protest premium hike	"Protesting against the sharp increase in third-party insurance premium, goods vehicle owners across states started an indefinite strike from Saturday. ""The fight for justice by truckers of India will continue till IRDAI reverses its proposal to third party insurance premium hike,"" a truck operator's association said. The strike is likely to disrupt the supplies of commodities."
BCCI loses both revenue and governance votes at ICC meet	Eight member nations voted against BCCI's proposal of retaining ICC's old revenue model at the Board meeting in Dubai on Wednesday. The Sri Lankan board was the only member which supported BCCI's stance on governance, while it joined others in opposing BCCI's proposal to retain the revenue structure. BCCI will lose ?1,000 crore if the new revenue model is implemented.
Denmark recycles urine to make beer	The Danish Agriculture and Food Council has announced the relaunch of a project that recycles urine to make beer. The plan aims to collect urine from special urinals and storage tanks at a music festival called Roskilde, which will be used to fertilise malting barley. Suggestions for the name of the beer include 'pilsner', 'yellow ale' and 'pale piss'.
SC to hear Nirbhaya case convicts' plea against sentencing	"The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear a plea submitted by convicts in the Nirbhaya gangrape case claiming that there were six ""fundamental errors"" in the sentencing procedure. The plea claimed the trial court did not consider the special circumstances of each of the accused. The SC will decide when to rehear sentencing of the case on February 6."
Delhi Airport posts anti-Congress tweet, claims hacking	"The Indira Gandhi International Airport has claimed that its Twitter handle was hacked and a ""derogatory"" message was posted on it. A tweet supporting a user's claim that 'Congress is India's real enemy' was retweeted by Delhi Airport's handle. Later, the tweet was deleted and a clarification was posted saying that Delhi Airport's handle was under a ""hacker attack""."
Kanye West quits Jay-Z's music startup on dispute over money	Rapper Kanye West has reportedly quit Jay-Z's music streaming startup Tidal over a dispute regarding money. According to reports, West complained that Tidal owes him over ?19.4 crore. Tidal has also been accused of going back on its promise of reimbursing West for music videos, but the startup said that West didn't deliver the videos required by the contract.
Japan gets its first sumo wrestling grand champion in 18 yrs	Sumo wrestler Kisenosato became the first Japanese wrestler to be titled 'yokozuna', the sport's grand champion, in almost 18 years. The 30-year-old, who weighs 178 kilograms, became the sport's 72nd yokozuna and Japan's first after Wakanohana, who won the title in 1998. The sport had seen foreign sumo wrestlers getting crowned grand champions for the past few years.
Kanye West plans to launch cosmetic line for men: Reports	"According to reports, singer Kanye West is planning to launch a cosmetic line for men. The line is reportedly inspired by his late mother Donda West. It will include makeup, perfumes, lotion and other cosmetics. ""[Kanye] believes the future is in men's makeup,"" a source was quoted as saying. The cosmetic line will also include women's collection, reports added."
MTNL to repay ?125 cr debt to public sector bank by June-end	State-owned telecom operator MTNL has said it expects to repay ?125 crore debt to a public sector bank before June-end. Stating that ?495 crore of long-term loan will come up for repayment this fiscal, Chairman PK Purwar said MTNL is confident of meeting its obligations in this regard. Earlier, MTNL sought government aid for high employee cost of ?2,800 crore.
Activists protest Baahubali 2 release, call for K'taka bandh	Activists in Karnataka have called for a bandh across the state on April 28, the release date of 'Baahubali: The Conclusion', to protest the screening of the film. They have asked actor Sathyaraj, who plays the role of 'Kattappa', to apologise for a remark he made nine years ago on the Cauvery issue. Sathyaraj had reportedly spoken against pro-Kannada groups.
Why is there such fear: Mamata on Kajol's 'beef' statement	"Reacting to Kajol's recent clarification that the meat she was served was not beef, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee said, ""Why is there such fear? Whom should we fear?"" Stating that some people are ""trying to dictate what others will eat"", Mamata added, ""She had to clarify that it was not beef but buffalo meat. It is an alarming situation."""
SC rejects PIL seeking all-India ban on cow slaughter	"The Supreme Court on Friday rejected a PIL seeking an all-India ban on cow slaughter, stating it will not interfere with state laws on the killing of cattle. ""One state may ban slaughter, the other may not,"" the apex court observed. The court, however, said it has already passed orders on measures to stop the illegal inter-state transportation of cattle."
PM Modi to meet Donald Trump for the 1st time on June 25-26	Prime Minister Narendra Modi accepted an invitation to meet US President Donald Trump for the first time during his two-day visit to Washington DC from June 25. The two leaders, who have spoken over the phone at least thrice since Trump assumed office, will reportedly hold discussions on enhancing bilateral ties in the meeting.
Flipkart must grow with careful cost considerations: Binny	"After announcing to have raised $1.4 billion in India's largest funding round and acquisition of eBay's India operations, Flipkart Co-founder Binny Bansal in an e-mail to employees said, ""The business must grow with careful considerations to costs''. Stating that the online retail market has a potential of $100 billion, Bansal said Flipkart has just scratched the market's surface so far."
Baahubali 2 war scene to be father of action scenes: Makers	"Filmmaker SS Rajamouli has revealed that the war scene between 'Baahubali' and 'Bhallala Deva' will be the highlight of the film 'Baahubali: The Conclusion'. ""The confrontation war between Baahubali and Bhallaladeva will be the father of all action episodes,"" he added. The film starring Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Tamannaah, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj is scheduled to release on April 28."
How does Railways plan to earn extra ?40,000 cr in 10 years?	The Railways has announced a target of ?40,000 crore revenue from monetising its soft assets in the next 10 years. Railways has formulated the non-fare revenue (NFR) policy to increase earnings from branding of trains and monetising the passenger-related data. Besides, around two lakh big LCD screens will be put up at 2,000 stations to display information and advertisements.
JD(U) to contest against AAP in MCD polls	The Janata Dal (United) will contest the upcoming civic body (MCD) election in Delhi against Aam Aadmi Party. The Nitish Kumar-led party will contest on all 272 seats. JD(U)?s Delhi in-charge Sanjay Jha has accused the AAP of neglecting Poorvanchalis in MCD ticket distribution. Notably, AAP had supported JD(U) in the 2015 Bihar Assembly polls.
PM Modi, Big B wish Rajinikanth on his 66th b'day	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted birthday greetings for actor Rajinikanth on his 66th birthday, wishing him ""a long life filled with good health"". Actor Amitabh Bachchan tweeted, ""It is Rajnikant's birthday... and we wish him greater glory happiness and good health."" Other Bollywood celebrities including Shah Rukh Khan and Akshay Kumar also shared birthday wishes for Rajinikanth on Twitter."
Gujarat Congress MLAs in Bengaluru not allowed to go out	The Gujarat Congress MLAs staying in a Bengaluru resort are not allowed to go out, and 30 MLAs from Karnataka have been put in charge of the discipline. The party has planned seminars and programmes for their entertainment inside the resort. These include a lecture on the corruption charges against UPA, and Congress' achievements in 60 years, transparency and accountability.
39 Sikh politicians given religious punishment by Akal Takht	Akal Takht (Sikh religious authority) on Monday awarded religious punishment to 39 Sikh politicians from the Congress, the Shiromani Akali Dal and the Aam Aadmi Party for seeking votes from Dera Sacha Sauda during the recent Assembly polls. The leaders violated the 2007 directive of the Takht, excommunicating the Dera head, Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, for impersonating Guru Gobind Singh.
India?s Red fort shown as Pakistan?s Shalimar Gardens at SCO	The Red Fort with the Indian tricolour was shown as Lahore's Shalimar Gardens under a Pakistani tableau at a Shanghai Cooperation Organisation banquet in Beijing on Wednesday. The mistake was pointed out by both Indian and Pakistani diplomats. Following this, SCO officials apologised saying they failed to cross-check the photos as this was the first event involving India and Pakistan.
Mom gets call from school after kid takes vodka for lunch	"A woman from Queensland, Australia received a call from the school informing her that her 5-year-old daughter had packed a raspberry vodka in her lunchbox. She had asked her daughter to take a pack of juice from the freezer but instead of juice, she accidentally took the vodka. ""I apologised for not sending enough for the teachers,"" she jokingly said."
No card, only hard cash for presidential poll nomination	The candidates seeking election in the Indian presidential elections will have to deposit a sum of ?15,000 while filing their nomination papers. The candidates will not be allowed to make payments digitally or by cheque, according to reports. The presidential elections are scheduled to be held on July 17, while the counting of votes is on July 20.
Pakistan accuses India of targeting CPEC	"Pakistan on Saturday accused India of targeting the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) project through subversive activities. Pakistan further said that it is aware of ""enemy designs"" and is taking effective counter measures. Notably, India which has repeatedly dismissed all such allegations has raised sovereignty concerns over the project as it passes through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir."
I am being framed, ready for narco test: Gayatri Prajapati	"Former UP minister Gayatri Prajapati, who was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly raping a woman and attempting to rape her daughter, said, ""This is a conspiracy against me. I'm ready for narco test."" Prajapati further said, ""The woman and me both should be put through narco test. I'm being framed by rivals but I've full faith in country's judicial system."""
BMC denies Ganesh mandal's demand for online approval	The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has denied a Ganesh mandal coordination committee's demand to take the approval process for setting up mandals online. The committee claimed that the single-window clearance system which was introduced in 2015 to improve mandal approval rate was ineffective. Reportedly, it will now meet Mayor Vishwanath Mahadeshwar to demand a better clearance system.
5 jawans injured in encounter with Maoists in Chhattisgarh	A total of five jawans of the Special Task Force were injured on Saturday in an encounter with the Maoists in Chhattisgarh's Sukma district. While the jawans have been taken to a hospital for treatment, the encounter is still underway. Notably, as many as 25 CRPF personnel were killed and six others injured in Sukma in April.
Pope Francis compares reading fake news to eating poop	"Pope Francis has slammed media organisations that focus on scandals and promote fake news and said people who consume such content are ""coprophagic"", or faeces-eaters. He added that spreading disinformation is ""probably the greatest damage that the media can do"". Earlier, US President Barack Obama had slammed online misinformation as a threat to democratic institutions."
Killer of Putin critic Nemtsov sentenced to 20 years in jail	A Russian court has handed prison sentences ranging from 11 to 20 years to five Chechen men found guilty of killing President Vladimir Putin's vocal critic and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov in 2015. The group reportedly was paid $250,000 for the assassination. Lawyers representing Nemtsov's family claimed that senior figures within Chechnya who are loyal to Putin ordered the killing.
Attack planned on PM Modi's life ahead of Mau rally: Police	Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election rally at Mau in Uttar Pradesh on Monday, Mau ASP RK Singh has reportedly said there was a threat to PM's life during the visit. Rasool Pati, an accused in the murder of BJP leader Haren Pandya, has planned to attack PM's convoy with rocket launchers and explosives, police reportedly said.
No accurate govt data on illegal migrants: Kiren Rijiju	"The Central government has no accurate data on illegal migrants, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju said on Tuesday in Lok Sabha. Pointing out that these people entered India in a ""clandestine and surreptitious manner,"" he said it would be ""naturally"" impossible to exact official figures. ""We have taken various steps to ensure we detect them...and then prosecute them,"" he added."
Cadbury-owner to pay ?89 crore penalty in bribery case	"Food major Mondelez will pay $13 million (around ?89 crore) penalty to the US government for violating anti-corruption law by its subsidiary, erstwhile Cadbury India. The matter relates to Cadbury India allegedly paying over ?61 lakh to an agent to obtain ""outside assistance"" in securing licenses and approvals, which allowed Cadbury to claim a tax exemption worth over $90 million."
Britain's Olympic silver medalist dies in motorcycle crash	British athlete Germaine Mason, who won a high jump silver medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, died in a motorcycle crash in Jamaica on Thursday. The 34-year-old was riding back after a night out with a few athletes, which included eight-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt. Mason was reportedly at the front of the convoy when the accident occurred.
Film on 1975 Emergency 'Indu Sarkar' hits the theatres	"'Indu Sarkar', which is based on 1975 Emergency, is ""confused between criticising the sarkar and championing it"", wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV said, ""It's high on dramatic flourish, low on impact."" Meanwhile, Times of India wrote, ""Indu Sarkar is at its best when it focuses on its protagonist's emotional struggles...leaving politics behind."" It was rated 3/5 (TOI), 2/5 (HT), 1.5/5 (NDTV)."
Will ask PM Modi to give us jobs: WC-winning jr hockey team	"Members of India's junior hockey team, who won the World Cup last week, have said they will request PM Narendra Modi to grant them jobs at a meeting next week. ""We need some security...if we pick up an injury, who will take care of us? We are jobless,"" said Gurjant Singh, who scored in the final against Belgium."
Hater app projects image of pregnant Trump with Putin in US	"An image of a pregnant US President Donald Trump being hugged by Russian President Vladimir Putin from behind was projected on buildings in New York along with #LoveThroughHate. The image was a part of an ad campaign by the dating app Hater. ""We're just trying to make people laugh. Through humour, hate can turn into love,"" the app's representatives said."
I just did my duty: Amarnath attack bus driver	"Saleem Mirza, the driver of Amarnath bus which was attacked by terrorists, said that he just did his duty by not stopping as the firing started. ""Out of the blue, it started raining bullets?for a fraction of a second my mind went blank...I ducked and kept driving,"" he recalled. He added he'll go to Amarnath again if given a chance."
Poets will save the world, not technology: Anand Mahindra	"Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra on Friday said, ""It is going to be poets, writers, musicians who will save the world, not technology... It is the people who use their imagination..."" He said this in response to being asked whether technology could save the world. Mahindra later tweeted, ""I have never been clearer in my mind about an answer."""
Pakistan plans to export donkeys to China	Pakistan is planning to export donkeys to China under its Donkey Development Programme, in a bid to attract Chinese investors in Pakistan's Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province. Pakistan is also aiming at increasing donkeys' population in its province as the animal is highly valued in China for its hide which is used to manufacture medicines.
Zaheer to be with Team India for 150 days a year: Ganguly	Cricket Advisory Committee (CAC) member Sourav Ganguly has said Zaheer Khan will spend 150 days a year with the Indian team as overseas bowling consultant. Zaheer reportedly did not wish to commit for more than 100 days annually, but gave in to the Cricket Advisory Committee's insistence. Zaheer is expected to accompany the team for the Sri Lanka tour.
Considered applying for India coach: Ex-Aus pacer Gillespie	"Former Australian fast bowler Jason Gillespie has said that he ""seriously considered"" applying for the Indian cricket team's coaching job, which was eventually given to Ravi Shastri. ""I talked a lot about that with my family... In the end, I just felt I wasn't quite ready for that opportunity,"" added the 42-year-old, who is now Papua New Guinea's interim coach."
Delhi man strangles wife to death over suspected affair	A 37-year-old man on Friday allegedly strangled his wife to death over suspicion of an extra-marital affair after the two had an argument in Delhi's Kotla Mubarakpur. The man believed his wife had an affair when he had gone to Saudi Arabia recently, police officials said. He also kept a watch on her and even checked her phone, they added.
I still look at myself as an outsider in Bollywood: Swara	"Actress Swara Bhaskar has said that she still looks at herself as an outsider in Bollywood. She added, ""It is not easy for anyone to make a mark in this industry.  I struggle each day to do the work that I am doing."" Swara further said that according to her, she hasn't yet made her mark in Bollywood."
77 votes in Prez polls invalid due to circles, dots, commas	"As many as 77 votes were declared invalid in the Presidential elections, because of invalid symbols like commas, dots, and circles, according to the people involved in counting. The number '1' with a '.' was the most common mistake, while the ""1"" (one in inverted commas) came second. One voter wrote '1' on Meira Kumar's name instead of the box."
No one has right to judge patriotism of others: RSS chief	"RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat said on Saturday that no one has the right to judge the patriotism of others. ""Even if you think that you are running the show in the country, you cannot measure anybody's patriotism or come out with a judgement,"" he added. Bhagwat further said that patriotism does not have an existence of its own."
First UK-China freight train completes 12,000 km in 20 days	The first rail freight linking the UK to China reached the city of Yiwu on Saturday, covering 12,000 km in 20 days. The train loaded with British goods departed London on April 10 and passed through seven countries. The train which covered the world's second longest journey is a part of China's efforts to revive the Silk Road trading routes.
12 new coastal spots identified in Maharashtra	The state of Maharashtra now has 12 new coastal tourist locations, identified through a project funded by the United Nations and the Centre. These new tourist sites have been identified along the 121-kilometre coast of Sindhudurg. These new sites will offer various sea water activities like scuba diving and snorkelling to tourists.
Not fair to think audience doesn't understand art: Shreya	"Singer Shreya Ghoshal has said that people often underestimate the audience of our country as well as worldwide, by thinking that they don't understand art. ""They are the reason art exists,"" she added. Shreya further said every time she has sung from her heart and not thought about the commercial aspect, it has done really well for her."
Only 1 actress supported me: Abhay on fairness cream post	"Actor Abhay Deol has revealed that only one actress called to support him after he slammed Bollywood actors including Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone and Sonam Kapoor for endorsing fairness creams. ""I received a lot of support from people and media. From corporates and filmmakers, no. Why would they? I am calling them out for their practices,"" he added."
Kohli equals longest unbeaten streak by an Indian captain	Following India's win over England in the Chennai Test on Tuesday, Virat Kohli equalled Sunil Gavaskar's record of longest unbeaten streak of 18 Tests by an Indian captain. India has won 14 Tests and drawn four in Kohli's unbeaten streak. India, led by Kohli, has been unbeaten since August 2015, which is also the longest Test streak for the team.
White House confirms Trump, Putin had undisclosed meeting	US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin held a previously undisclosed second meeting during the G20 Summit in Germany, the White House has confirmed. This came after Iran Bremmer, President of the international consulting firm Eurasia Group, publicly spoke about the second meeting. Notably, Trump, Putin's official meet at the summit lasted for over 2 hours.
BJP can fight war with Pak to win 2019 polls: Digvijaya	"Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Sunday alleged that the Central government was creating an atmosphere of war with Pakistan to win the 2019 General elections. ""BJP government is not fulfilling the promises it made to the people. So, there is no alternative left...to win the election,"" he said. Singh had earlier accused BJP of ""stealing"" people's mandate in Goa."
Sasikala Pushpa's husband attacked outside AIADMK office	"Suspended AIADMK MP Sasikala Pushpa's husband and lawyer were attacked outside AIADMK headquarters on Wednesday by party workers in Chennai. Pushpa recently said she will contest late CM J Jayalalithaa's aide Sasikala Natarajan for the party General Secretary post, which has remained vacant after Jayalalithaa's demise. Condemning the attack, Pushpa said, ""I'm being denied an opportunity."""
Rural areas in Gurugram to get 24x7 power supply from Aug 15	Haryana's power distribution companies have announced that they are working towards providing 24x7 power supply to rural areas in Gurugram from August 15. The urban areas in Gurugram are already getting uninterrupted power supply, they added. Earlier, the Haryana government had said it aims to make Gurugram and Ambala districts power-cut free from August 15.
Maha issues draft rules to regularise illegal constructions	"The Maharashtra government on Friday issued draft rules which will reportedly allow regularisation of most illegal constructions built before December 31, 2015, for a ""compounding fee"". A senior official said, ""Within six months of the rules coming into force, planning authorities will have to invite applications from owners and occupiers for consideration of cases for regularisation."""
14-yr-old girl raped twice in one night in UK, two arrested	A 14-year-old girl was raped twice in one night in UK's Birmingham by different attackers, according to reports. The young victim was first raped at a railway station and was later sexually assaulted in a car. Police have arrested two suspects in relation to the first rape incident and have launched an investigation into the second attack.
?100 cr released for bridge twice the height of Qutub Minar	The Delhi government has released ?100 crore for the completion of the Signature Bridge, which is twice the height of the Qutub Minar. The bridge was supposed to be ready by 2010 Commonwealth Games, but its construction was slowed down due to insufficient funds. Delhi Tourism Minister Rajendra Pal Gautam said that nearly 92% of the project has been completed.
Credit card bill payments exempt from ?2L cash dealing limit	Restrictions on cash dealings of ?2 lakh or more will not apply to credit card bill payments, the Revenue Department has clarified on Monday. Earlier, the government banned cash transaction of ?2 lakh or above with effect from April 1, 2017. The move was aimed at curbing black money by discouraging cash transactions and promoting digital economy.
Philippine cops propose Muslim ID cards to combat terrorism	Authorities in the Central Luzon region of Philippines are reportedly considering issuing Muslim-only IDs to combat terrorism after a city in Mindanao was captured by Islamist militants. The move would allow identification of undesirable individuals and terrorists, officials said. Notably, President Duterte had blamed people of Marawi for sheltering ISIS sympathisers in the besieged city.
What is the order in which Indian citizens are listed?	The President is the first citizen as per the Order of Precedence of the Republic of India, making Ram Nath Kovind the topmost national. The Vice President and the Prime Minister are the second and the third citizens of the country respectively. While Governors are the fourth citizens of India, former Presidents and Deputy PM are fifth on the list.
Rape victim's mother shot at in Delhi	A woman, whose minor daughter was allegedly gang-raped by four men, was shot at outside her house in Delhi?s Jamia Nagar on Friday. She was reportedly shot by a biker while she was on her way to a local hospital with her 16-year-old daughter. As per reports, the woman is undergoing treatment at the AIIMS Trauma Centre.
Sania, Bopanna register wins at their Wimbledon openers	Sania Mirza and her women's doubles partner, Belgium's Kirsten Flipkens, beat their Japanese-Chinese rivals Naomi Osaka and Shuai Zhang in straight sets to reach the Wimbledon second round. Meanwhile, French Open mixed doubles winner Rohan Bopanna and his partner Edouard Roger-Vasselin also advanced to the men's doubles second round. Leander Paes failed to advance, crashing out in the first round.
285 killed, 1,073 injured during Myanmar water festival	At least 285 people were killed and 1,073 others were injured during a four-day annual water festival 'Thingyan' which happened from Thursday to Sunday across Myanmar, according to reports. As many as 1,200 criminal cases related to murder, theft, drug use, and group violence were registered during the near nation-wide water fight that welcomes the traditional New Year.
Former US President Barack Obama leaves Washington DC	Former US President Barack Obama has left Washington DC in a helicopter after Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. Obama and his family were escorted by President Donald Trump and Vice-President Mike Pence. The Obamas will now fly the Air Force One for the last time to Palm Springs, California for a vacation.
Govt plans multilevel parking at Delhi's Defence Colony	The South Delhi Municipal Corporation has proposed the construction of a six-storey multilevel parking which can hold at least 180 cars at Defence Colony market to solve the issue of insufficient parking space. The parking, which will reportedly cost around ?13.5 crore, was proposed as a part of the civic bodies' market development project focusing on 70 South Delhi markets.
UP CM approves GST, new transfer policy	In a cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath approved the implementation of GST, which will now be passed in the state assembly on May 16. A new transfer policy was approved under which 20% officers and employees who have completed three years in district or seven years in a division will be eligible for transfer.
BSF sacks jawan who had posted video on poor quality of food	"The Border Security Force on Wednesday sacked constable Tej Bahadur Yadav, who had uploaded a video clip on social media alleging poor quality of food being served to jawans at border posts. This comes after a summary court-martial found that constable Yadav's actions damaged the ""image of the BSF"". Under BSF rules, he can appeal the suspension within 3 months."
McDonald's employee fired on dirty ice-cream machine post	A US man, who claimed to be an ex-employee of fast-food chain McDonald's, took to Twitter to share some photos of a slimy substance that he said was found inside the restaurant's ice cream machine. He later claimed to have lost his job because of his revelations and admitted that he was planning to leave the job anyway.
Islam's 3rd holiest site shut 1st time in 17 yrs post attack	Islam's third holiest site, the al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem, will be closed for Friday prayers for the first time in 17 years. This comes after three attackers killed two Israeli police officers near the mosque complex earlier in the day. All the three gunmen were killed and the area was cleared of visitors and closed, police officials said.
No mention of Gandhis in Indu Sarkar trailer: Pahlaj on NOC	"CBFC chief Pahlaj Nihalani, when asked about a no objection certificate (NOC) from the Gandhi family for the upcoming film 'Indu Sarkar', said, ""There's no mention of Indira Gandhi or Sanjay Gandhi in the trailer."" The CBFC usually asks for an NOC  from the concerned people before the release of a film, if it revolves around real people and situations."
Haryana seeks 5k paramilitary personnel over Jat agitation	The Haryana government has sought from the Centre 5,600 paramilitary personnel to deal with Jat quota stir. The agitation in Haryana seeking reservation in education and government jobs entered its 17th day on Tuesday. Though agitation has been peaceful so far, but the Jat leaders have threatened to intensify the stir after February 19 if demands were not met.
Govt launches UDAN scheme for low cost regional flights	PM Narendra Modi on Thursday launched Ude Desh ka Aam Nagrik (UDAN) scheme for regional flight connectivity by flagging off the inaugural flight from Shimla to Delhi. Under UDAN, government will connect small towns by air with 50% plane seats' fare capped at ?2,500 for a one-hour journey of 500 kilometres. UDAN will connect over 45 unserved and under-served airports.
Indians can come to Turkey for honeymoon: Erdogan	"Promoting tourism during his ongoing India visit, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Monday said, ""[W]e would like to host more Indian tourists in Turkey... you can come to Turkey for honeymoon."" Erdogan, who was addressing the India-Turkey Business Summit in the presence of PM Narendra Modi, also stressed on further developing collaboration between Turkish Airlines and Air India."
Bhagwant Mann made AAP Punjab Chief, asked to quit drinking	"AAP national convenor Arvind Kejriwal made MP Bhagwant Mann the party's Punjab chief, on the condition that he would quit drinking. Mann was reportedly told that he would be removed from the post if he is found drinking in the future. Notably, Mann has repeatedly slammed the party leadership for functioning like a ""mohalla cricket team"", among other things."
Indian workers released by rebels in South Sudan: Swaraj	"Following the intervention of the Indian government, two Indian nationals who were abducted by rebels in South Sudan have been released, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has said. ""I appreciate the efforts of  Indian Ambassador in South Sudan Srikumar Menon for the release,"" she added. The two men, Midhun and Ganesh, were abducted on March 8 during field work."
Rajinikanth may launch his political party: Reports	As per reports, actor Rajinikanth has been advised by senior RSS ideologue S Gurumurthy to launch his political party. Sources suggest that Gurumurthy's proposal is part of BJP's plan to enter Tamil Nadu. While Rajinikanth is currently seeking opinion from his well-wishers, reportedly, actor Amitabh Bachchan has advised him against joining politics.
German hiker found in Swiss Alps 30 yrs after disappearance	The remains of a German hiker, who disappeared while climbing in the Swiss Alps 30 years ago, have been found embedded in a glacier, police officials said. The remains were found by two people climbing the Lagginhorn mountain, they added. Recently, bodies of a Swiss couple who went missing 75 years ago were found perfectly preserved in the Alps.
BMC notice to NGO for report on malnutrition in schools	The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has issued a notice to NGO Praja Foundation for 'misrepresenting' data in a report stating that a third of the children in BMC schools are malnourished. Officials accused the NGO of not factoring in changes in the screening process for malnourishment. The civic body demanded a public apology and threatened legal action against the NGO.
Ranveer chops off beard, moustache on live Instagram video	"Ranveer Singh chopped off his beard and long moustache on a live video on Instagram. He did this as he had finished shooting for the older version of Alauddin Khilji in the film 'Padmavati' and will be shooting for the character's younger version. Ranveer also shared a picture of the facial hair he removed and captioned it, ""I'll miss you""."
Pilot dead as Medanta air ambulance crash-lands in Thailand	An air ambulance of the Gurugram-based Medanta Hospital has crash landed near Bangkok on Monday after catching fire while in air. The aircraft's pilot Arunaksha Nandy passed away and two doctors onboard were admitted to the ICU at the Bangkok Hospital, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj tweeted. Two others on board the aircraft suffered minor injuries, she added.
NEET question paper to be same in all languages	Union Human Resource Development Minister Prakash Javadekar has said that next year onwards, the question paper for the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) will be the same in all languages. This comes after the Madras High Court stayed the exam results this year. The court was hearing a petition which claimed that questions in vernacular languages were tougher.
Twitter forced me to remove tweet on Arundhati: Paresh Rawal	"BJP MP Paresh Rawal has alleged that he was ""coerced by Twitter"" into removing a tweet targeting author Arundhati Roy. Rawal in his tweet said, ""Instead of tying stone pelter on the army jeep tie up Arundhati Roy!"" Further, Rawal said in a statement that he will continue to stand by the citizens and Armed forces ""at any cost""."
Delhi colleges may issue learners' licences to students soon	Delhi government is reportedly planning to allow colleges to issue leaners' driving licences to students by September. It was proposed because the demand for these licences was allegedly highest among the 18-24 age group applicants. Students have to be above 18 years of age for eligibility and score at least six out of ten marks in an online test.
Sonu shaved his head as he wanted to get rid of lice: Maulvi	"The Maulvi who promised ?10 lakh to anyone who shaved Sonu Nigam's head said the singer shaved his head to get rid of lice and escape summer heat. He added, ""If Sonu wants to stay in India...He must tolerate azaan and mandir ka ghanta alike."" Sonu had tweeted about ""forced religiousness"" and complained about being woken up by the Azaan."
AIIMS docs to try separating twins joined at the head	Doctors at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Delhi will reportedly assess whether it is possible to perform surgery to separate a pair of two-year-old twins joined at the head. The condition afflicts one in 30 lakh children, of which 50 per cent die either at birth or within 24 hours, one of the doctors said.
All options against Pakistan open: Army chief Bipin Rawat	Indian Army chief General Bipin Rawat on Tuesday reportedly said that all options are open against Pakistan's aggression along the Line of Control (LoC) and the international border. His statement comes as tensions continue to simmer along the India-Pakistan border, with several ceasefire violations being reported in recent months.
Diljit's DU concert stopped midway due to cylinder leak	Actor-singer Diljit Dosanjh's concert in Delhi University's Hansraj College was stopped midway after a leak occurred in a cylinder near the stage. Following this, the audience was asked to evacuate the area, which resulted in a stampede. The crowd had reportedly broken barricades and gathered around the stage. Some students also suffered injuries during the stampede.
New Baahubali 2 poster shows Baahubali as a child, Kattappa	"A new poster of 'Baahubali 2', featuring the characters Baahubali as a child and Kattappa, has been unveiled. The new poster shows Kattappa, portrayed by Sathyaraj, stabbing the grown up Baahubali, played by Prabhas. ""The boy he raised, the man he killed,"" tweeted the film's director SS Rajamouli while sharing the poster."
Kejriwal?s brother-in-law being probed for corruption	The Economic Offences Wing of the Delhi Police has ordered a probe on a complaint filed by an NGO against alleged corruption by Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal's brother-in-law Surender Kumar Bansal. The NGO has claimed that Bansal, who had the tender to construct a drain, had submitted fake bills and invoices to the Public Works Department and made huge profits.
Kohli let emotions affect his batting against Aus: Ganguly	"Writing about Indian skipper Virat Kohli's performance in an article, Sourav Ganguly stated, ""Against Australia, probably he (Kohli) was so consumed by wanting to win as captain that he let his emotions affect his batting."" This will also serve as a lesson for Virat... I hope he cools down and gets back to scoring big again,"" Ganguly added."
Only 3,000 of 36 lakh farmers seek interim loan of ?10,000	Less than 3,000 out of 36 lakh eligible farmers have opted for an interim loan of ?10,000 in Maharashtra. The state had offered the interim loan to facilitate sowing of kharif crops until the actual farm loan waiver was announced. Noting poor response to the interim waiver scheme, advertisements were also published in newspapers, urging farmers to avail the loan.
Indian-origin businessman shot dead in US	"Indian-origin businessman Harnish Patel (43) was found dead of gunshot wounds outside his home in USA's South Carolina on Thursday. A Lancaster County police official said, ""I don't have any reason to believe that this was racially motivated."" This comes days after an Indian engineer was killed at a bar in Kansas, USA, in a hate crime shooting."
Unaccompanied child taken off overbooked plane, left at gate	"An unaccompanied 15-year-old boy was removed from an overbooked easyJet flight and left alone at a departure gate at London Gatwick Airport on Thursday. The child, Casper Read, was asked to leave after another passenger claimed his seat. EasyJet said the incident will be investigated, adding, ""easyJet has a procedure to protect unaccompanied minors but unfortunately this was not followed."""
Violent passenger tied to seat on IndiGo flight	IndiGo cabin crew were forced to tie a reportedly unruly passenger to his seat on a flight from Dubai to Delhi on Tuesday, as he turned violent. The passenger, who had started shouting and pushing fellow fliers, was later handed over to the police. Notably, passengers can be restrained if their behaviour poses a risk to others and the aircraft.
Cafe Coffee Day manager commits suicide, blames cafe chain	A man working as a manager in a Bengaluru Cafe Coffee Day (CCD) committed suicide by hanging himself, and blamed the cafe chain in his suicide note. He wrote that he had been promised promotion since 11 years but did not get one. He also added that employees' salaries were withheld if the targets were not met.
Petya hackers clean out ?7 lakh Bitcoin from ransom wallet	Hackers behind the Petya ransomware attack, which hit computers in over 60 countries in late June, have wiped out nearly ?7 lakh worth of bitcoins from the digital wallet used to receive ransoms. After reports suggested that the hackers may be state-sponsored actors, they left a message offering to decrypt every infected computer for a one-off payment of ?1.7 crore.
Pictures of SRK's character from Tubelight emerge online	Pictures showing Shah Rukh Khan's character from the upcoming film Tubelight have emerged online. The pictures were posted by a fan club of Shah Rukh. In the cameo appearance by SRK in Tubelight, he reportedly plays the role of a magician, which was shown in the film's trailer as only a silhouette.
Mumbai man arrested for breaking LCD screen on Tejas Express	The Railway Protection Force (RPF) on Tuesday arrested a man who broke an LCD screen on the luxury train Tejas Express. The accused was presented before a court where he was fined ?22,000 for damaging government property. The RPF reportedly traced the man using mobile call data records and the passenger reservation chart.
Salman to feature in double role in Varun's Judwaa 2: Report	"According to reports, Salman Khan will feature in a double role in Judwaa 2, starring Varun Dhawan. Salman will reappear as twins Raja and Prem, the characters he portrayed in Judwaa (1997), after a gap of 20 years, said a source. ""His [Salman's] judwaa will come face-to-face with Varun's double role, possibly bantering in the climax scene,"" added the source."
LeT co-founder urges jihadis to wage war in Northeast India	"A recent video of Lashkar-e-Taiba co-founder Amir Hamza has reportedly been recovered showing Hamza provoking jihadis to wage war in the northeastern states of India. ""We will fight in Sikkim...we will fight in Srinagar,"" Hamza allegedly said in the video. He was even heard saying if India sends troops to Bhutan, then Chinese troops will enter Srinagar along with Pakistan's."
Pamela is an attractive person, I like her: Julian Assange	"WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, in a recent radio interview, said that he finds actress Pamela Anderson an attractive person. Assange added, ""I like her, she's great. I'm not gonna go into private details."" Reports of the two dating surfaced online when Anderson was spotted visiting Assange in Ecuadorian Embassy, London."
Afridi appointed ambassador of Blind Cricket World Cup	"Former Pakistan all-rounder Shahid Afridi has been appointed the ambassador of Blind Cricket World Cup's fifth edition. The tournament will be hosted by the Pakistan Blind Cricket Council in the UAE and Pakistan in January 2018. ""Afridi is not only an icon in the arena of cricket...but also a philanthropist and a role model in social works,"" said PBCC Chairman."
AIADMK's TTV Dinakaran arrested over charges of bribing EC	Nephew of jailed AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala and party leader, TTV Dinakaran, was arrested by the Delhi Police on Tuesday midnight on charges of bribing an Election Commission official to get party's 'two leaves' symbol. He was arrested after being questioned for close to six hours on Tuesday. Furthermore, his friend Mallikarjuna has also been taken into custody.
Panel seeks probe into Kingfisher dues worth ?295 crore	"A parliamentary panel has sought a probe into Kingfisher Airlines' accumulation of high levels of dues to Airports Authority of India, which was in ""violation of all existing rules"". At the end of 2016, the airline owed dues worth nearly ?295 crore to AAI, which have been written off. Notably, Kingfisher Airlines was shut in 2012 due to financial troubles."
Demands for disability certificates rise as admission nears	Doctors at various hospitals have claimed that a large number of parents are demanding disability certificates for their children to get admission in schools. They added that in several cases, there is no disability. According to one doctor, parents even say that their child doesn't want to study Science, and request for an appropriate certificate.
Delhi taxi driver returns lost bag with valuables worth ?8L	Debendra Kapri, a 24-year-old taxi driver, has returned a bag containing gold jewellery, laptop, iPhone, camera and over ?4,400 in US currency, together worth over ?8 lakh, to the Domestic Airport police station in Delhi. The driver said the bag belonged to a passenger whom he had dropped earlier. The police identified the owner and returned the bag to him.
VHP 'religious soldiers' to fight love jihad, cow smuggling	"The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) has decided to recruit 5,000 'religious soldiers' in Uttar Pradesh's Aligarh district, to control cow smuggling and love jihad in the region. Only Bajrang Dal activists who have completed bravery training will be eligible for the post, recruitment for which will start in September. They will also protect ""Hindu boys and girls, maths and temples""."
Ganesh mandals in Mumbai oppose Silence Zones	Ganesh mandals across Mumbai have been demanding that noise norms in Silent Zones of the city should be relaxed for Ganeshotsav. Silent Zones are areas within 100 metres of hospitals, courts, educational or religious institutions where noise levels must not exceed 45 decibels. Notably, the state government has also asked for relaxation of Silence Zones norms ahead of the festival.
Telugu actor Ravi Teja's brother passes away in car accident	"Telugu actor Ravi Teja's brother Bhupatiraju Bharath Raju passed away on Saturday in Hyderabad in a car accident. Reports suggest Raju rammed the car into a parked lorry resulting in a head-on collision. ""We're yet to find out whether he was under the influence of alcohol or not. But he was speeding, which led to his death,"" said the police."
Pak Army chief Bajwa authorised ambush on LoC: Report	Pakistani Army Chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa had authorised the ambush on the LoC which led to the mutilation of two Indian soldiers' bodies, said a report. Bajwa had reportedly visited Pakistani military positions in Haji Pir on April 30 and there he ordered his forces to avenge the killing of 7-10 Pakistani soldiers by India on April 17.
Half of all Australian university students harassed: Report	More than half of university students in Australia were sexually harassed at least once in 2016, according to a Human Rights Commission survey. With over 30,000 responses registered across the country, it was found that women experienced harassment and assaults at higher rates than men. The survey was conducted amid claims that universities were responding poorly to sexual assault incidents.
Noida to survey population density before approving projects	The Noida authority has reportedly decided to conduct population density surveys in residential and industrial areas in order to gauge whether it can approve new projects without burdening existing infrastructure. A committee reportedly comprising of officials from the authority's planning, housing, and traffic departments will conduct the surveys and submit its report within a month.
Nita has built a bigger brand of MI than Reliance: Mukesh	"Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani has credited wife Nita, saying she has built a bigger brand of IPL team Mumbai Indians than Reliance itself. ""A lot of us at Reliance say that we are very proud of what Reliance has done...but I think with both her school and cricket, Nita has built a bigger brand for Reliance,"" said Mukesh."
China to launch 156 minisatellites for better internet	China will launch a network of 156 minisatellites to facilitate global broadband coverage and commercial space development. The small low-cost satellites would be placed in an orbit 1,000 km above Earth to form a network to improve internet access. The project plans to send the first satellite before 2018, and all 156 satellites by 2025, Chinese news agency reported.
Proud of my relationship and the person I'm with: Taapsee	"Actress Taapsee Pannu has said that she is extremely proud of her relationship status and the person she is with. ""I'm in an extremely good state in my personal life,"" she added. Taapsee further said she does not want to talk about her relationship as people would then start talking about it more than the work she does."
That option is always open: Priyanka on getting married	"On being asked about her marriage plans, actress Priyanka Chopra said, ""Let's just say that the option is always open."" She added that the pace and time commitments of being an actor aren't easy to handle and her partner will have to understand and support that. ""At the end of the day, two people make a relationship work,"" said Priyanka."
Congress got lesser seats than Apna Dal (Soneylal) in UP	Congress which contested on 105 seats in UP could manage to win only seven seats, which are less than the number of seats won by BJP ally Apna Dal (Soneylal). Notably, Apna Dal (Soneylal) had contested on 11 seats and won 9 of them. Anupriya Patel, President of Apna Dal (Soneylal), is a minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi Cabinet.
Flight suffers tyre burst, gets stuck in middle of runway	An Etihad Airways aircraft carrying nearly 200 passengers suffered a tyre burst upon landing, forcing Mumbai airport authorities to shut operations at the main runway on Monday evening. The Abu Dhabi-Mumbai flight got stuck in the middle of the runway, following which operations were shifted to the secondary runway. Notably, the two runways at Mumbai airport intersect each other.
My GoT character Jon Snow bit of a psychopath: Kit Harington	"Speaking about his character Jon Snow in the HBO television series Game of Thrones, actor Kit Harington said, ""He's a bit of a psychopath, weirdly. He looks for violence."" He added, ""I think happiness is a very strange term to associate with Jon. He has a very odd sense of what 'happy' is."""
India to re-measure height of Mount Everest	"The Survey of India will ""re-measure"" the height of Mount Everest as scientists have expressed doubts over this following the 2015 Nepal earthquake, Surveyor General Swarna Subba Rao has announced. Rao added, ""there is a doubt in the scientific community that it is shrinking. That is one of the reasons. Second reason is, it helps in scientific studies, plate movements."""
Two trekkers found dead at Maharashtra?s Devkund waterfall	The dead bodies of two trekkers who went missing last week have been found by a rescue team at the Devkund waterfall in Maharashtra. The police reportedly sought to impose a curfew in the area to stop people from going for the trek. Over 145 people, including the Army and police, were involved in the 24-hour search operation, police added.
Thane civic body restarts app to report pothole menace	Thane Municipal Corporation has restarted Star Grade, an application to report potholes, after several complaints were made about the same. It was launched two years ago and had reportedly become popular among residents. However, the app was stopped over non-renewal of its maintenance contract. Residents can upload pictures of potholes on the app and alert officials to take action.
IIT-D women asked to wear decent dresses for hostel event	"A women hostel at Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi has put up a notice asking women to wear ""full covered decent western or Indian dresses"" for their hostel event scheduled for April 20. The notice, put up at Himadri hostel and signed by the warden, was shared by 'Pinjra Tod' group that termed it as an act of moral policing."
No immediate arrest in dowry cases without investigation: SC	The Supreme Court on Thursday ruled that police will conduct a preliminary enquiry before making any arrest in dowry harassment cases to ensure there is no misuse of law. A Family Welfare Committee will be set up in every district to scrutinise the cases, only after which will the arrests be made effective, the court said.
Don't know why I was against joining social media: Katrina	"Actress Katrina Kaif has said that she does not know why she was so against joining social media. ""My mind was blocked completely, I wasn't even ready for a discussion. But now that I have come on it, I really like it. I really enjoy it,"" added Katrina. The 33-year-old actress made her debut on social media by joining Facebook."
Bollywood was never my dream: Pakistani actress Sajal Ali	"Pakistani actress Sajal Ali, who played Sridevi's daughter in Mom, has said working in Bollywood was never her dream. She said that she was happy working in Pakistan but the story of Mom moved her. Talking about her role in the film, Sajal added, ""It was definitely a challenging role... I think the most challenging part was performing with Sridevi."""
Chandan Prabhakar rejoins Kapil Sharma's show after 3 months	"Comedian Chandan Prabhakar has confirmed that he'll rejoin The Kapil Sharma Show after a three-month gap. Prabhakar hadn't shot for the show following Kapil's brawl on a flight with Sunil Grover in March. ""It's okay if I reacted then...I can't stretch it for life. We're like family...two brothers fight but that doesn't mean they leave each other forever,"" said Prabhakar."
Delhi journalist critical after being attacked in park	Journalist Aparna Kalra (45) was attacked by an unidentified man in a public park while she was on an evening walk on Wednesday. Kalra is critical and is undergoing treatment at Fortis Hospital, where she was admitted with multiple brain injuries. With no eyewitnesses or traces of theft, the police have registered a case of attempt to murder.
What initiatives were taken by outgoing President Mukherjee?	President Pranab Mukherjee launched Rashtrapati Bhavan's Twitter account to connect directly with people. It currently has over 32 lakh followers. Interestingly, during the last two years of his tenure, he used to teach class 11 and 12 students in the school inside the Rashtrapati Bhavan premises. A 'speaking museum' was developed at the Rashtrapati Bhavan to narrate the building's story.
4 foreign nationals held with drugs worth ?70 lakh in Delhi	Three African women and a man were arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) for allegedly trying to smuggle over 32 kg of drugs worth ?70 lakh in three separate operations. They were arrested at the Indira Gandhi International Airport while they were trying to fly to foreign destinations with drugs concealed in their bags, an NCB official said.
What gifts will Justin Bieber receive on his trip to India?	Singer Justin Bieber is set to receive gifts from many designers when he comes for his maiden concert in India as part of the Purpose Tour. Fashion designers Rohit Bal and Anamika Khanna will present customised outfits to Bieber while Manav Gangwani plans on gifting a set of customised sneakers. Ustad Amjad Ali Khan will gift Bieber an autographed sarod.
CCD employee files FIR against customer she slapped	The employee of a Cafe Coffee Day (CCD) outlet in Jaipur, Priyanka Priyadarshini has filed an FIR against a customer named Arpan Verma, whom she had slapped. Priyadarshini has accused Verma of harassment and calling her a slut and a bitch. Earlier, a widely shared video showed Priyadarshini slapping Verma on taking video of cockroaches found in the outlet's fridge.
No biometric attendance means no salary: BMC to employees	After transitioning to biometric attendance, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has announced that employees will not receive their salary if they fail to mark attendance through the system. Almost 70,000 of BMC's over 1 lakh employees have already been registered on the new system, reports said. This comes as part of a revamp that also includes changing official duty hours.
Barack Obama posts farewell letter on Facebook	"Outgoing US President Barack Obama on Thursday expressed his gratitude to Americans by posting a letter on Facebook. ""Throughout these eight years, you have been the source of goodness, resilience...from which I've pulled strength,"" Obama wrote. ""When the arc of progress seems slow, remember: America is not the project of any one person,"" he added."
Woman, her brother-in-law tonsured, paraded in Bihar: Report	A woman and her brother-in-law were reportedly tonsured and paraded in Machriyawan village in Bihar after a few members of the Dalit community passed the diktat over a suspicion of an illicit relation between them. The police have arrested two persons Jageshwar and Rajdev in connection with this case while three women accused are still at large.
Kapil Sharma announces two new comedy shows	"Comedian Kapil Sharma has announced that his production house K9 is set to produce two new comedy shows in 2017. ""First news of the year... K9 is producing two comedy shows... hope u will like... stay happy,"" Kapil tweeted. He currently hosts 'The Kapil Sharma Show', which is aired on the channel Sony."
TIME magazine list is a joke: Donald Trump had said in 2013	"US President-elect Donald Trump, who won TIME Person of the Year, had slammed the magazine in 2013 saying, ""The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will...soon be dead."" After winning the award this year, Trump, however, said it is a ""great honour"" which means a ""lot to him""."
Indrani to oppose son Mikhail's claim on Sheena's property	Key accused in the Sheena Bora murder case, Indrani Mukerjea, on Thursday told a CBI court that she would oppose her son Mikhail's claim on Sheena's share of ancestral property. Indrani's mother, who died in 2015, had in her will left a piece of land, a two-storied house and two other structures in Guwahati for Sheena and her brother Mikhail.
'Beds for Traveling Fans' campaign for India vs Kyrgyz match	"A supporter group of Bengaluru FC has started 'Beds for Traveling Fans' campaign, to provide accommodation for the fans travelling to watch India's AFC Asian Cup qualification match against the Kyrgyz Republic in Bengaluru on Tuesday. ""No need to check into hotels brothers, just walk into our houses. We will host you,"" said a member of the supporter group."
IOC to supply 10L tonnes of fuel to Nepal for next 5 years	"State-run Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) on Monday signed an agreement to supply over 10 lakh tonnes of petroleum products annually to Nepal for the next five years, Chairman B Ashok said. ""The supply agreement... will meet the full requirements, demand and quantities of all the major oil products, including petrol, diesel, kerosene, aviation turbine fuel and LPG,"" he added."
Raveena Tandon starrer Shab hits the theatres	"The Raveena Tandon starrer Shab, which released on Friday, ""is a dark, haunting film about human emotions, relationships, love and betrayal"", wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV wrote, ""Shab is a courageous film...stylish, layered, evocative,"" while Koimoi wrote, ""This is not a family entertainer or a film which everyone would like to watch."" It was rated 3/5 (HT, NDTV) and 1.5/5 (Koimoi)."
Women cut private parts of Armymen in revenge for rape: Azam	"Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan has accused the Indian Army of raping women in Kashmir, Jharkhand, and Assam, and added that females beat up soldiers and cut their private parts in revenge. ""India's truth is that women are forced to act against Army rapists. It is a message that Hindustan should be ashamed of,"" Khan added."
Attack on Muslim by gau rakshaks did not take place: Naqvi	"Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi has said that the incident of lynching a Muslim man by 'gau rakshaks' over beef issue has not taken place, as reported by the media. ""It is a very sensitive issue. From this, there should be no indication or message that we are supporting such incidents,"" he added."
R Madhavan named Best Actor at Filmfare Awards South 2017	R Madhavan was named the Best Actor (Male) for his performance in the Tamil film 'Irudhi Suttru' at the Filmfare Awards South 2017. Ritika Singh won the Best Actor (Female) award and Sudha K Prasad was named the Best Director for 'Irudhi Suttru'. Meanwhile, AR Rahman was named Best Music Director for the film 'Achcham Yenbadhu Madamaiyada'.
Delhi Metro support staff stage protest for salary hike	"Delhi Metro's non-executive staff on Friday staged a protest for increase in salary by sitting on various platforms with black bands around their arms. They reportedly threatened a ""total shutdown"" of services from Monday if their demands are not met. Protestors said that they were assured of increased grade pay in 2015, but nothing has been done so far."
Maharashtra first state to enact anti-social boycott law	President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday gave his assent to Maharashtra government's 'Prohibition of Social Boycott Bill', making Maharashtra the first Indian state to enact an anti-social boycott Bill. It aims to prevent atrocities carried out by extra-judicial courts and panchayats and, will include religious rituals, inter-caste marriage, dress or vocation as reasons for social boycott.
Two accused in Dadri mob lynching case get bail	The Allahabad High Court on Monday granted bail to two accused in the 2015 lynching of Mohammad Akhlaq in Dadri for allegedly slaughtering a cow. A local BJP leader, who is the father of one of the accused who got bail, praised the BJP for providing justice to his son. Notably, 14 people have been granted bail in the case.
Saudi-led coalition blocks fuel for UN aid planes to Yemen	The Saudi-led coalition in Yemen is blocking deliveries of jet fuel to UN planes bringing humanitarian aid to the rebel-held capital Sanaa, UN officials said. Aid efforts were also hampered by delays and refusals of visas by the Yemeni government, officials added. The Saudi-led coalition has been involved in Yemen's civil war backing the Yemeni government against the Houthi rebels.
UN honours Mamata Banerjee with highest public service award	The United Nations on Friday honoured West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee with the highest public service award for her girl empowerment initiative Kanyashree Prakalpa. The initiative was ranked first among 552 such social schemes for 'Reaching the Poorest and Most Vulnerable through Inclusive Services and Participation'. The initiative has benefitted around 40 lakh school and college-going girls.
Two jawans martyred as Army foils infiltration bid in J&K	Two Army jawans were martyred on Thursday while another was injured in Jammu and Kashmir's Poonch while foiling an infiltration bid along the Line of Control (LoC). The infiltration bid was reportedly supported by Pakistan's Border Action Team (BAT). Further, the jawans killed an armed intruder while another armed intruder was injured in the operation.
I was a fool to sign Tiger Zinda Hai: Salman Khan	"Actor Salman Khan has said that he has taken a 'panga' by signing Remo D'Souza's dance film, and was a fool to sign 'Tiger Zinda Hai' due to the strenuous action sequences. ""I am jumping off the building, running and shooting, doing all action...I feel one day my knee will come out,"" added Salman."
Wish women give men as much happiness as Sunny gives: RGV	"Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma on the occasion of International Women's Day tweeted, ""I wish all the women in the world give men as much happiness as Sunny Leone gives."" After users slammed RGV over the tweet, he further wrote, ""The negative noise towards my tweet on @SunnyLeone arises from ultimate hypocrisy. She has more honesty...more self respect than any woman."""
Sonam trolled for misquoting National Anthem	"Sonam Kapoor has been trolled for allegedly misquoting the National Anthem in a column. ""National Anthem pata nahi aur chale National Award lene,"" tweeted a user. ""Never knew [she] is so ignorant,"" commented another user. ""Listen to the national anthem one more time. nRecall the line you heard as kids, 'Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Issai',"" read a part of Sonam's column."
Swara talks about unequal pay for actresses in Bollywood	"Actress Swara Bhasker, while addressing pay disparity in Bollywood, has said that if as an actress, she works for as many days as an actor, then she should also expect an equal amount of pay. Swara added, ""If you see in Hollywood, women are taking up this whole question of equality... so why can't Bollywood take its cue from them?"""
US group to hold conference on 'Make in India' in Houston	"An American business group is organising a two-day conference in Houston on the theme 'Make in India ? The Inside Story'. The conference, which will begin on March 24, will discuss the latest developments and best practices of doing business in India. ""The conference is designed to bring various constituencies that have an interest in India together,"" the organisers said."
Sena declares name of its candidate for BMC Mayor post	The Shiv Sena has declared the names of its candidates for the post of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) Mayor and Deputy Mayor. The party has declared Vishwanath Mahadeshwar as Mayor and Hamangi Waralikar as Deputy Mayor. Mahadeshwar has served as the principal of Raje Sambhaji Junior College and had won BMC polls by defeating BJP and Congress candidates.
Delhi government to fix rules for road dust disposal	Delhi's Department of Environment is reportedly drawing a standard operating procedure to dispose the road dust collected by more than a dozen mechanical sweepers in order to control the air pollution level in the city. Additionally, the Public Works Department has floated a tender to procure six more sweeping machines this year.
Pilot violated SOP by flying plane with faulty AC: DGCA	In the wake of a viral video showing passengers fanning themselves due to a malfunctioned AC on an Air India flight, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation said prima facie it appeared the pilot violated the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP). The aviation watchdog said it would probe the incident, after passengers claimed the AC was not working even before take-off.
Posting Andaman tribes' video on social media now punishable	The Centre on Saturday notified that action would be taken against those who post videos and images of the protected Andaman and Nicobar Islands' tribal communities on social media. The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes has said the tribes come under a regulation that protects them from outside interference, violation of which is punishable with imprisonment up to three years.
32% vote share each for Sena, BJP in BMC polls: Exit poll	An exit polling, conducted by Axis-My-India after Tuesday's BMC election, has predicted that both Shiv Sena and BJP will have a vote share of 32% each. The exit poll further gave 86 to 92 seats to Shiv Sena and 80 to 88 seats to BJP. The Congress, MNS and NCP were given 30-34 seats, 5-7 seats and 3-6 seats respectively.
Misbah awarded life membership of Marylebone Cricket Club	Former Pakistan Test captain Misbah-ul-Haq has been awarded honorary life membership by the Lord's based-Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). The 43-year-old, who led Pakistan in record 56 Tests, became the 22nd Pakistani cricketer to be awarded the membership. The last Pakistani to receive the honour was Ramiz Raja, who was given the membership in 2015.
UP CM Yogi makes surprise visit to Hazratganj police station	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath made a surprise visit to the Hazratganj police station in Lucknow. After inspecting the police station for 30 minutes, Yogi Adityanath said police should be people-friendly and steps will be taken to maintain law and order in the state. Adityanath directed police to provide better accommodation to women officers and recruit more women.
Combiflam, D Cold Total found substandard by drug regulator	The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation, which regulates sale and distribution of drugs in India, has reportedly found medicines like Combiflam, a pain reliever, and D Cold Total, a cold medicine, to be substandard. Along with these drugs, the organisation issued an alert for 55 other drugs, all of which failed different tests in March, the report stated.
Maruti spare parts trigger bomb scare at Delhi airport	"Bomb squads and canine teams were rushed to check a package recovered in the cargo hold area of Delhi airport on Wednesday. Officials later declared the area safe, adding, ""the suspect item was nothing but some spare parts of company Maruti."" Its X-ray image had raised suspicion among airport staff."
I went mad on Twitter after watching Bajirao Mastani: Shahid	"Shahid Kapoor said he went mad on Twitter after watching Sanjay Leela Bhansali's 'Bajirao Mastani' and started appreciating everyone. Shahid, who will be seen in Bhansali's upcoming film 'Padmavati', added, ""Never knew that I will be part of his (Bhansali's) next film...It's awesome to be working with someone whose work I have admired in the recent past...I am really excited."""
Japan launches Pikachu-themed train to cheer up citizens	A Pikachu-themed train has been introduced in Japan's Ichinoseki Metro Station for sightseeing, which will begin its daily service from July 15. It was designed as part of the 'Pokemon with You' campaign organised by the Pokemon Company following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. The train is intended to cheer up children and adults living in the area.
GST will lead to inflation as well as confusion: Digvijaya	"Slamming the BJP for GST rollout, Congress leader Digvijaya Singh has said GST would not succeed and would give rise to inflation as well as confusion. ""Celebrations took place at midnight as if the country has got second freedom"", Singh said. He further added that the countries where the GST is successful, have a single tax slab structure."
Didn't see much communication between Kohli, Kumble: Manager	"Kapil Malhotra, manager of Team India during the Champions Trophy, has written in his report that he did not see much communication between then coach Anil Kumble and captain Virat Kohli. He said Kohli was ""very positive, always approachable, even when the team had a bad day on the field"". Kapil added he found Kumble to be ""slightly reserved"" initially."
No sign of missing Indians in Iraq where they were last seen	"The Iraqi prison where the External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said the 39 missing Indians were last located, has reportedly been reduced to rubble with no signs of the citizens. A Congress leader then took a dig at Swaraj saying, ""minister misled the nation that missing boys are lodged in a jail in Badush but...jail has been destroyed by ISIS."""
BJP could get 20-24 seats in 40-member Goa Assembly: Poll	The BJP is expected to win around 20-24 seats in the 40-member Goa Assembly, the India Today-Axis opinion poll has claimed. While the Congress is projected to win 13-15 seats, the AAP has been given just 2-4 seats by the opinion poll. Furthermore, 35% of the respondents favoured Laxmikant Parsekar for the CM post, the poll stated.
Let's not give it a religious tinge: Sunil on Sonu's tweet	"Comedian Sunil Grover, while supporting singer Sonu Nigam on his tweet about the use of loudspeakers in temples, mosques and gurudwaras, has asked people not to give it a ""religious tinge"". Sonu Nigam had tweeted on Monday that he is not a Muslim and still has to be woken up by the Azaan in the morning."
Luxury shoe retailer Jimmy Choo puts itself up for sale	Luxury shoe and bag retailer Jimmy Choo on Monday said it is seeking offers for the company as part of a review of its strategic options to maximise shareholder value. The firm said it had discussed the strategic review process with its majority shareholder, JAB Luxury, which is supportive of the process. Jimmy Choo is valued at over $900 million.
Enforcement Directorate checks records of 50 bank branches	In an effort to unearth money laundering, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Wednesday checked records of over 50 bank branches, with a special eye on Jan Dhan, student, and dormant accounts. The ED said the action was taken in wake of allegations that certain bank officials are involved in the conversion of black money into white in lieu of commission.
Officer probing BK Bansal case shifted to parent cadre	CBI official Sanjeev Gautam, who was investigating the bribery case of late bureaucrat BK Bansal, was on Wednesday repatriated to his parent cadre of service, Customs and Central Excise. Notably, Bansal along with his son had earlier committed suicide leaving behind an alleged note which had mentioned that his family was being tortured by the investigators.
Admin on WhatsApp jailed over PM's photo with obscene text	The Karnataka Police has arrested an admin of a WhatsApp group from Uttara Kannada district after a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi with obscene content was posted in the group by a member. The arrested admin of the WhatsApp group is said to be an auto rickshaw driver. It is reportedly the first arrest of this kind in India.
Azhar Ali 1st Pak Test batsman to hit 2 200+ scores in a yr	Azhar Ali became Pakistan's first Test batsman to hit two 200+ scores in a year, after posting 205*(364) against Australia in the Boxing Day Test on Wednesday. The 31-year-old became the fourth Pakistani to hit 300+, when he scored 302*(469) against West Indies in October. Ali is also the fifth Pakistani batsman to score 1,000+ Test runs in a year.
Priorities and nature of ties with India, Pak different: US	Asserting that the US' ties with India and Pakistan are not a 'zero-sum game', the White House has said that President Donald Trump administration's priorities and the nature of the relationship with the two countries are different. With India, the US is building a strategic partnership while with Pakistan the country seeks to have a productive partnership, US officials added.
Pakistan violated ceasefire every day in 2015 and 2016: Govt	The Home Ministry, in its reply to an RTI query, has stated at least one incident of ceasefire violation by Pakistan was reported daily along the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir in 2015 and 2016. It further stated the ceasefire was violated 405 times in 2015 and 449 times in 2016. Over 20 security personnel were killed in this period.
Pak's ex-minister falls for April Fools' prank, warns govt	Pakistan's former Interior minister, Rehman Malik, fell for an April Fools' Day prank when he reacted to a fake news about naming Islamabad's new airport after Chinese President Xi Jinping. Malik expressed serious reservations over renaming of the airport, which is originally named after Benazir Bhutto. He warned government that his party would take the issue to an extreme level.
If my phone still rings for work, I feel successful: Vivek	"Actor Vivek Oberoi has said that if his phone still rings to inform about work for him in films, he feels successful. Speaking about his films which didn't perform well at the box-office, he said, ""If I start spending time analysing my choices, I won't be able to live my life."" Vivek added that success or failure is very relative."
Delhi: CCTV captures man crushing puppies under car wheels	A CCTV footage from Delhi's Vasant Kunj area has surfaced which shows a man crushing two puppies, playing on the roadside, under his car wheels. As visible in the footage, there was enough space for the car to pass by, but the driver chose to turn left and drive straight towards the puppies.
Walmart to invest ?900 cr to open 15 outlets in Maharashtra	American multinational retailer Walmart on Wednesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Maharashtra government to invest ?900 crore for opening up of fifteen stores. The Chief Minister's Office tweeted that the wholesale cash-and-carry stores will help generate 30,000 jobs. Walmart already has two pilot stores in the state in Aurangabad and Amravati.
Kin of ISIS militant killed in Lucknow refuse to accept body	"Father of Saifullah, the slain ISIS terror accused in the Lucknow shootout, has refused to accept his son's body, saying what his son has done was not in the country's interest. ""We will not take the body of a traitor,"" Saifullah's father Sartaj added. During the encounter, Saifullah's family had asked him to surrender, but he did not listen."
Time to teach India a bitter lesson: Chinese media	"Amid the India-China standoff in Sikkim, Chinese state media on Tuesday said, ""[W]e must teach New Delhi a bitter lesson."" It said, ""India will suffer greater losses than in 1962 if it incites military conflicts"", and the Indian military will be ""kicked out of the area by Chinese soldiers"". It added that India is acting ""shamelessly"" before the international community."
Disney criticised for casting non-Arab actress as Jasmine	"Disney has been criticised for casting Naomi Scott, who is of British-Indian descent, to portray Princess Jasmine in the live-action version of Aladdin. ""All these Arab actresses...and they cast half-white, half-Indian Naomi Scott as Jasmine. Indian isn't middle-eastern, Hollywood,"" tweeted a user. ""I don't love the ""brown ppl are interchangeable"" idea that H'wood believes in,"" wrote another user."
India signs pact to check tax evasion by multinational firms	India has signed the OECD multilateral convention that aims to check cross-border tax evasion by multinational companies. This will modify India's treaties to curb revenue loss through treaty abuse and profit shifting strategies by ensuring that profits are taxed where substantive economic activities generating the profits are carried out. Notably, more than 65 countries signed the convention.
J&K HC quashes detention of separatist leader Masarat Alam	Quashing his detention under the Public Safety Act, the Jammu and Kashmir High Court has ordered the immediate release of separatist leader Masarat Alam Bhat. He was arrested in 2010 for leading a mass agitation in which 120 people were killed. Alam was released in 2015, but was rearrested for allegedly raising pro-Pakistani slogans and hoisting Pakistani flags.
Modi concludes road show in UP, offers prayers at temples	Prime Minister Narendra Modi today concluded his road show for the Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls and offered his prayers at Kashi Vishwanath temple and Kaal Bhairav temple in Varanasi. PM Modi's Lok Sabha constituency Varanasi goes to polls on March 8 in the seventh phase of Assembly elections and the poll results are scheduled on March 11.
Android update bricks some Pixel phones' fingerprint sensor	Users of Google's Pixel smartphones have complained that the latest Android Nougat update has caused the fingerprint sensors on some devices to 'brick' or stop working. Some Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X owners have also reported the same issue. The 7.1.2 update was meant to fix bugs such as early shutdown, audio cracking and pink bands on the camera screen.
USA cricket governing body faces expulsion from ICC	The United States of America Cricket Association (USACA) is facing expulsion from the International Cricket Council (ICC), the sport's global governing body revealed on Monday. ICC had suspended the board in 2015 as it claimed that the body did not have unity and did not hold the widespread authority over the country's cricket activities.
ICC willing to increase India's revenue share to ?2,500 cr	ICC Chairman Shashank Manohar has said the board is willing to increase BCCI's revenue share in the 2015-2023 cycle to $390 million (?2,500 crore). This comes after all ICC members except India voted for a new revenue model, which cuts India's share to $260 million (?1,668 crore). BCCI has already rejected an offer of an additional $100 million from Manohar.
Sena demands Minister's resignation over MU result delay	Yuva Sena chief Aaditya Thackeray has demanded the resignation of Maharashtra Education Minister Vinod Tawde and Mumbai University Vice-Chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh over the delay in declaration of MU results. He also called for a government inquiry into why the online assessment system was adopted by MU and asked if it was a scam as it failed badly.
Ex-Australian PM sends signed bat to Modi through Indian man	"Former Australian PM Tony Abbott has sent a signed cricket bat for PM Narendra Modi, reportedly through an Indian residing in Australia. The man, Manpreet Singh, who is carrying the bat along with pictures of Abbott signing it, has been visiting the PMO but has not met Modi yet. Abbott has reportedly addressed Modi as ""Narendra"" on the bat."
China to block Internet VPNs from 2018	The Chinese government has ordered telecommunications firms to completely block access to virtual private networks (VPNs) by February 2018, in a crackdown aimed at suppressing dissent over the legitimacy of the ruling Communist Party. Notably, China operates the world's largest Internet censorship regime and has banned several social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Four paintings by Hitler sold for only ?6.24 lakh	Four paintings created by German dictator Adolf Hitler have been sold for a total of £7,500 (?6.24 lakh), much lower than the estimated price, at an auction in the UK. The artworks all bear the signature 'A Hitler' and are dated in the early 1900s. Notably, the paintings had been expected to fetch between £5,000 and £7,000 each.
Homeless burglar cooks food, takes showers during break-ins	"A homeless burglar brings his own food for cooking and takes showers during break-ins, US authorities have said. ""The bad thing is, he trashed the house,"" an official said while referring to a break-in. The 33-year-old accused, Jacob Merchant, has been charged with three counts of burglary and two counts of breaking and entering."
US Prez Donald Trump called White House a real dump: Report	Explaining his frequent visits to golf clubs, US President Donald Trump told his New Jersey golf club members that he spends so much time away from Washington DC because the White House is a 'real dump', according to reports. Notably, the White House is the most expensive house in the US and is worth almost $400 million.
Cow vigilantes attack drivers transporting cattle in Assam	"A group of cow vigilantes stopped three vehicles transporting cows and beat up the drivers on the outskirts of Guwahati in Assam, accusing them of cattle smuggling. As per reports, the attackers claimed that they belong to Hindu Yuva Chhatra Parishad. The incident comes after PM Narendra Modi said, ""Killing people in the name of 'gau bhakti' is not acceptable."""
21-year-old dies after being hit with a bat during match	A 21-year-old amateur cricketer died after accidentally being hit with a bat of another player during a friendly match in Hyderabad on Tuesday. The cricketer was fielding when he was hit on the forehead by the bat and fell on stones which were kept as stumps. He was taken to hospital where he succumbed to his injuries.
Bilawal Bhutto warns US against travel ban for Pakistanis	"Pakistan Peoples Party chairman Bilawal Bhutto has warned US President Donald Trump's administration against including Pakistan in the list of banned nations, saying such a move will create a ""host of hostilities"" between the two countries. Earlier, White House hinted that Pakistan could be included in the list and Pakistani visitors are subject to ""extreme vetting"" under existing US regulations."
Mumbaikars paid ?10.4 cr over traffic violations this year	Mumbai motorists reportedly paid ?10.4 crore as fines for traffic violations this year, out of which ?2 crore was paid for parking violations. The penalty for parking-related offences was increased from ?100 to ?200 last year. Until May, nearly 60,000 motorists booked for jumping signals paid over ?1 crore as fine, while bikers caught without helmets were fined ?85 lakh.
Notice issued to Delhi govt over dead rat in mid-day meals	The National Human Rights Commission has issued a notice to the Delhi government over reports of a dead rat in a mid-day meal served in a city-based school. Nine students of the school were taken ill on February 16 after consuming the meal. An FIR was lodged against two NGOs which had supplied the mid-day meals.
Election Commission introduces open challenge to hack EVMs	"The Election Commission on Wednesday introduced an ""open challenge"" for people to hack electronic voting machines, starting May first week. This comes after opposition parties urged the poll panel to revert to the paper ballot system while alleging that EVMs were tampered with in elections. The challenge will be open for around 10 days and will have various levels."
Amol Palekar moves SC seeking relaxation in film censorship	"Veteran actor Amol Palekar has filed a plea in the Supreme Court seeking relaxation in the censorship of films. In his petition, Palekar has claimed that the Board repeatedly violates a filmmakers' fundamental right to speech and expression as nthere's no member with a legal background on the Board. Further, he called ""pre-censorship"" of films irrelevant in the internet era.nn"
Sports Minister Goel cleans toilet at wrestling c'ship venue	Sports Minister Vijay Goel conducted a surprise check at Delhi's Indira Gandhi stadium, venue of the Asian Wrestling Championships, and cleaned the toilet himself after finding it dirty. Goel's visit came after international wrestlers reportedly complained about dirty washrooms, saying they had to relieve themselves in the open. Goel also pulled up Sports Authority of India officials at the venue.
Mumbai to host smoked food festival from January 13	A Smoked Food Festival will be held at High Street Phoenix, Mumbai from January 13-29. Over 15 restaurants will come up with more than 100 smoked preparations for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians at the event. Smoked cheese, spinach croquette, black forest ham bruschetta and smoked Hyderabadi biryani are some of the dishes that will be offered at the festival.
Over 70% rural citizens have adopted e-wallets: IT Ministry	The government on Tuesday asserted that over 70% of rural citizens across India have adopted e-wallets as a method for digital payments. Further, 16% of the rural population has opted for the Unified Payment Interface (UPI), the Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology said. Over 85% of merchants have also adopted e-wallets while 13% have opted for UPI, it added.
I will shave off my beard: Modi lookalike after AIB meme	"PM Narendra Modi's lookalike and Kerala resident, MP Ramachandran has said that he will shave off his beard to not look like Modi. ""People are misusing my picture. This has been happening for a while,"" he said, after comedy group AIB posted his picture alongside Modi's to create a meme. He also said he often gets selfie requests from strangers."
Amrapali CEO arrested for not paying labour cess of ?4 crore	Amrapali's CEO Ritik Kumar Sinha and director Nishant Mukul were arrested over alleged fraud and not paying labour cess of ?4.29 crore to Labour Department. Amrapali received a final recovery notice in March 2017 but when it failed to pay, police took action. The district administration said labour cess is charged for labour's welfare, which the group didn't pay.
US lawmakers ask Trump to cut Pak aid for supporting terror	"Accusing Pakistan of supporting terrorism, two top US lawmakers urged President Donald Trump's administration to cut military aid to the country. Adding that US needs to stop ""providing weapons to countries like Pakistan that we're afraid will shoot down our own people,"" the lawmakers suggested facilitation of support and weapons to countries like Egypt, crediting them for fighting terrorism."
Nizamuddin clerics who went missing in Pak return to India	Two Sufi clerics of the Hazrat Nizamuddin Dargah in Delhi, who had gone missing in Pakistan last week, have returned to India after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj intervened into the matter. The duo, that went to pay obeisance at the shrine after returning, blamed a Pakistani newspaper for publishing a misleading article that had led to the entire fiasco.
Joshna Chinappa becomes 1st Indian to win Asian Squash title	Indian squash player Joshna Chinappa on Sunday defeated compatriot Dipika Pallikal in the women's singles final to become the first Indian to clinch the Asian Squash Championship title. Chinappa defeated Pallikal 13-15, 12-10, 11-13, 11-4, 11-4 in the 78-minute long final. In the men's final, Saurav Ghosal finished as the runner-up after losing to number one seed, Max Lee.
PM Modi can?t take over states: Kiren Rijiju on mob lynching	"Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju while discussing the recent incidents of mob lynching in Parliament said, ""Do you want the PM should break the federal structure and take over state machinery?"" The statement which led to an uproar in the Parliament came after Congress MP Mallikarjun Kharge criticised the PM for not talking about the issue enough."
Parents will not name their sons Akhilesh now: Adityanath	"Criticising the UP Chief Minister, BJP MP Yogi Adityanath on Monday said that parents will now desist from naming their sons Akhilesh. ""Akhilesh did what Aurangzeb and Kans did not do,"" he further alleged. He also accused the UP government of patronising terrorists, anti-socials and rapists. ""Whatever scheme the government ran, it was only for a particular community,"" he added."
Release date of 'Wonder Woman' sequel announced	Hollywood studio Warner Bros. has announced December 13, 2019 as the release date for the sequel to the 2017 film 'Wonder Woman'. It has been reported that Gal Gadot will return as the titular character while the return of Patty Jenkins as the director has not been confirmed yet. Notably, 'Wonder Woman' became the highest-grossing film by a female director.
I will show Vijender what Chinese are capable of: Zulpikar	"Responding to Vijender Singh's comment that ""Chinese products don't last too long"", Chinese boxer and Singh's next opponent Zulpikar Maimaitiali said, ""I will show Vijender what Chinese are capable of. We have shown India time and again...it's time that Vijender too learns his lesson."" Singh and Maimaitiali will take on each other in a double title bout on August 5."
Fire breaks out in Sheila Dixit's house in Delhi	"A minor fire broke out in the basement of former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dixit's house in Delhi's Nizamuddin on Wednesday morning. ""We got a call at around 9:30 am about a fire. We sent two fire tenders to the spot. The electricity metre board had caught fire,"" said a fire official. No damages have been reported in the incident."
Pak taxi app offers rides with matchmaker 'rishta aunty'	"Careem, an app-based taxi service in Pakistan, on Wednesday offered passengers a chance to share their ride with a ""rishta aunty"" or marriage matchmaker. Careem said, ""people can tell the aunty their preferences and the aunty will later get in touch with them with a suitable rishta."" It earlier launched ""Careem Doctor,"" offering to bring medical professionals to users' doorsteps."
Over 70 live bombs recovered from two West Bengal districts	As many as 70 live bombs have been recovered from a drum and a bag in West Bengal's Birbhum district. Two more live crude bombs were recovered from Asansol. The police prima facie believe the bombs were placed to spread terror in the village. There are no lead suspects yet, and no arrests have been made.
Russian reporter punched in face during live broadcast	"A reporter was punched in the face during a live broadcast as he reported on celebrations by paratroopers in Moscow on Wednesday. A man staggered up to Nikita Razvozzhayev and began ranting about Russia invading Ukraine, following which Razvozzhayev asked him to be quiet. The man punched Razvozzhayev, screaming, ""If you talk to me like that you'll... get it."""
Australian fans dislike Kohli as much as Jardine: Dean Jones	"Former Australian batsman Dean Jones has said Aussie fans dislike Virat Kohli as much as ex-England captain Douglas Jardine, who started the Bodyline series in 1932-33. ""Kohli is now Australia's No. 1 enemy or the 'head of the snake', as Nathan Lyon put it...If Kohli gets under your skin...offer the cheeky smile that Sir Donald Bradman offered Jardine,"" said Jones."
Baahubali 2 ranks third at US box office in opening weekend	'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' has ranked third at the US box office in its opening weekend, with earnings of $10.13 million (approximately ?65 crore). It beat Hollywood film 'The Circle', starring Tom Hanks and Emma Watson, which earned $9.32 million (about ?59.8 crore). Meanwhile, 'The Fate of the Furious' topped the box office collections for the weekend.n
Indrani, Peter charged with murder in Sheena Bora case	A special CBI court on Tuesday charged Sheena Bora murder case's key accused - Indrani Mukerjea, Peter Mukerjea and Sanjeev Khanna - with murder and criminal conspiracy. The CBI had stated that Indrani had killed Sheena with the assistance of her ex-husband Sanjeev and driver Shyamvar. The CBI had also said that Indrani's husband Peter was aware of the crime.
Raj Babbar injured in police action in UP: Congress	Congress on Monday informed Rajya Sabha that Raj Babbar has been injured in police action against villagers protesting demolition of their houses in Uttar Pradesh. They added that due to the injuries, he was unable to attend the Parliament proceedings. The house's Deputy Chairman dismissed the issue of Babbar's safety and security saying the state government should deal with this.
African lady strips in Delhi metro over feud with passengers	"A video showing an African woman stripping in crowded Delhi metro after a feud with some passengers has surfaced on social media. The woman, along with another African woman, has alleged that they were verbally abused by passengers. In the video, some passengers are heard shouting ""Bahar Nikalo, Bahar Nikalo""."
Why would she want that: Saif on Sara acting in films	"Saif Ali Khan, speaking on daughter Sara's decision to act in films after graduating from Columbia University, said, ""Why would she want that for herself? Look at where she studied."" He further said that he's not looking down on acting, but it's not the most stable profession. ""This is not the life, any parent would want for children,"" added Saif."
Nirbhaya wanted her rapists to be set on fire: Report	Sub-Divisional Magistrate Usha Chaturvedi, who listened to 2012 Delhi gang rape victim Nirbhaya's last declaration, has reportedly revealed that she wanted her rapists to be set on fire and not just be hanged. The Supreme Court on May 5 upheld the Delhi High Court's decision to award death penalty to four convicts in the Nirbhaya gang rape case.
Azaan in my area became louder after Sonu's tweet: Suchitra	"After being slammed for her tweet wherein she described the morning Azaan played on loudspeakers as ""extreme imposed religiosity"", singer Suchitra Krishnamoorthi said that after Sonu Nigam's tweet, the azaan in her area has become louder. ""It's almost like retaliation,"" added Suchitra. She further said that bhajans in a temple or church bells playing loudly aren't right either."
British swimmer breaks same world record 2 times in one day	British swimmer Adam Peaty broke the 50-metre breaststroke world record twice in a day, in the World Aquatics Championships semi-final in Budapest on Tuesday. The 22-year-old defending champion won the semi-final in 25.95 seconds, eclipsing his 26.10 seconds world record set in the heats. Peaty has now broken the 50-metre breaststroke record four times, the first instance being in 2014.
Yuvraj was picked to ease burden on MS Dhoni: Virat Kohli	"India captain Virat Kohli has said Yuvraj Singh was selected in the limited-overs squad to ease the middle-order burden on MS Dhoni. ""We cannot leave so much burden on MS alone in the middle order...There needs to be one more guy with Dhoni down the order in case the top order doesn't fire,"" said Kohli."
Saudi using Canadian equipment against citizens: Reports	"Canada is investigating reports that Saudi Arabia has been using Canadian-made armoured vehicles against its citizens in the violence-hit Eastern Province. Videos and photos posted on social media show Saudi Arabia using Canadian equipment on Shia dissidents. Canada warned it would take action if ""it is found that Canadian exports have been used to commit serious violations of human rights""."
Drug morphine found in Air India flight's food trolley	Nearly 2 kg of a morphine mixture was found in the catering trolley of a Chennai-Delhi Air India flight after it landed in Delhi on Wednesday, an airline spokesperson said. A catering supervisor noticed two packets hidden beneath the cutlery, following which the Narcotics Control Bureau was informed. Meanwhile, officials said only employees and cabin crew have access to trolleys.
Minor drugged, gang raped in East Delhi's New Ashok Nagar	A 15-year-old girl was allegedly drugged and gang raped by three men in East Delhi's New Ashok Nagar on Friday afternoon. All the accused were the girl's neighbours and were later arrested. The police said the girl had come to Delhi from Bihar a week ago to take care of her aunt and uncle who had met with an accident.
Delhi Cong working like business house: Sandeep Dikshit	"Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit has alleged that Delhi Congress President Ajay Maken is running party's city unit as a ""business house"". ""The high command should take note of this fact and also that one person is taking all the decisions,"" he said. ""Though Maken is indulging in condemnable acts, Congress leaders shouldn't quit the party,"" he added.n"
Twitter reacts to actor Nicolas Cage in Kazakhstani outfit	"Reacting to Hollywood actor Nicolas Cage wearing traditional Kazakhstani outfit at the 13th annual Eurasia International Festival, a user tweeted, ""Maybe it's just a wax mannequin posing as the real"". ""In even other news Nicholas Cage has no idea where he is, how he got there, or why he's wearing that,"" wrote another user."
Jawan killed in accident saves lives by donating 6 organs	"Twenty-two-year-old jawan Roshan Kumar, who passed away in a road accident in Delhi last week, saved the lives of transplant patients by donating six of his vital organs. Roshan had suffered serious brain injuries in the accident. ""Roshan is not at the border to protect the country. But... he served the nation by saving six lives,"" said his uncle."
16 cases of train sabotage cases in 2017 so far: Report	"Railway Board official Mohammed Jamshed has reportedly stated that in the first 40 days of 2017, there have already been 16 cases of train sabotage. Terming the number ""abnormally high"", Jamshed further said that most of these instances have occurred in non-traditional Left-wing extremism affected areas, and don?t carry the signature of Maoist subversive activities."
Woman, teen blow themselves up during police raid in B'desh	A woman and a teenage boy blew themselves up on Saturday in Bangladesh capital Dhaka after a counter-terrorism police unit raided a three-storey building where Islamist militants were hiding. Police said the militants are believed to be from the group responsible for the Dhaka cafe attack. Reportedly, four people, including two women and two children, came out and surrendered later.
Time will come when Kohli will score, Smith won't: Ganguly	"Speaking about the comparison between the Indian captain Virat Kohli and Australia's Steve Smith, Sourav Ganguly said, ""There will be a time when Virat Kohli will score and Steve Smith will not score runs."" ""I think it's just one of those times when one person gets the runs and the other person doesn't get runs,"" Ganguly added."
Trump backs USA for joint 2026 WC bid with Canada, Mexico	US President Donald Trump has reportedly encouraged the nation's bid to jointly host the 2026 Football World Cup along with Canada and Mexico. The bidding process is expected to begin later this year and is expected to be finalised by 2020. Sixty of the 80 matches would be hosted in the US, while Mexico and Canada would host 10 each.
Air India's profit-making AI Express plans fleet expansion	Profit-making Air India Express is preparing a 10-year vision document as it considers expanding its fleet and flying to more foreign destinations, a senior airline official has said. The move comes even as the government works on a road map for the disinvestment of Air India, the debt-laden parent of low-cost Air India Express.
Tata Motors CEO earned a salary of ?22.5 crore	Tata Motors CEO Guenter Butschek took home over ?22.55 crore last fiscal, while other key officials saw their remunerations cut amid mounting losses. Executive Director Satish Borwankar, who has taken over as COO, saw a cut of 12% to ?2.14 crore. However, most independent directors, except Nusli Wadia, who was removed from the board last year, saw their remunerations grow.
SP leader dies after heart attack during a party meeting	Samajwadi Party leader Uma Shankar Chowdhary passed away after suffering a heart attack on Saturday during a party meeting in Uttar Pradesh. Chowdhary was rushed to a hospital where he died during treatment. Party President Akhilesh Yadav paid his condolences and said the demise of such a dedicated leader was a great loss to the socialist movement.
Note ban sucked in cash like a vacuum cleaner: IMF official	"According to IMF's Asia and Pacific Department's Assistant Director Paul Cashin, one way to characterise India's demonetisation is as a ""vacuum cleaner"". ""It's sucking in cash, withdrawing it from the economy, and then the vacuum cleaner is going in reverse, slowly replacing cash,"" he stated. It has led to a lot of cash shortages that adversely affected consumption, he added."
Neither kisan nor jawan happy since BJP got power: Kejriwal	"Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said neither 'kisan' (farmers) nor jawans have been happy since Prime Minister Narendra Modi's BJP government assumed power in 2014. Stating that the farmers have been ""betrayed"" by the Modi government, Kejriwal added,  ""Where is the development in our land, if farmers are boycotting their own produce and throwing them on roads?"""
Salman, Aamir will run after 21-year-old heroines: Raveena	"Raveena Tandon, when asked if she would like to be a part of 'Andaz Apna Apna' sequel, jokingly said the film's actors Salman Khan and Aamir Khan will instead prefer 21-year-old heroines. ""They will be garlanding [photographs of] me and Karisma Kapoor and... then they will be running after 21-year-old heroines... That's how the sequel is gonna start,"" she added."
Should've covered legs when you met PM: FB user to Priyanka	"Actress Priyanka Chopra has been slammed on Facebook by a user who wrote that she should have the ""basic sense of covering"" her legs when she met PM Narendra Modi in Berlin. Other users pointed out that she should have worn an ""Indian dress"" and should not have been sitting cross-legged in front of the PM."
Husband of Jagga Jasoos actress held for abetment of suicide	Nisheeth Jha, husband of 'Jagga Jasoos' actress Bidisha Bezbaruah who allegedly committed suicide earlier this week, has been sent to 14 days in judicial custody. This comes after his arrest on charges of abetment of suicide, after Bidisha's father accused him of having an extra-marital affair. The police said that Jha admitted to being in a relationship with another woman.
SC to hear 1999 Kandahar hijacker's plea	The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a plea challenging the life sentence imposed on Abdul Latif Adam Momin alias Abdul Rehman, one of the convicts in the 1999 Kandahar hijacking case. He is one of the 10 people charged with the diverting Air India IC-814 to Afghanistan's Kandahar, while it was on its way from Kathmandu to Delhi.
Rajinikanth cancels Sri Lanka trip amid Tamil group protests	"Rajinikanth has cancelled his trip to Sri Lanka for a housing scheme launch, following protests by some pro-Tamil groups. The groups alleged that the event is an attempt to involve Rajinikanth in an ""ethnic issue"". In a letter, Rajinikanth has urged people to not politicise his visit if he gets a chance to meet Sri Lankan Tamils in the future."
Red wine-infused coffee launched	The Molinari Caffe cafe in California, United States has launched a wine-infused coffee. The Molinari Private Reserve spent over two years developing the combination of a house-made red wine and coffee beans. The coffee, which costs $19.95 for a half-pound bag, can be consumed as a cold coffee or latte, among others.
West Bengal school teaches boys and girls on different days	"The Barhra High School in West Bengal's Arjjunshuli village has adopted a segregation policy after receiving complaints of boys harassing the girls. Boys in Classes 11 and 12 attend school on alternate days starting Monday, while girls attend classes alternately starting Tuesday. District education officials said they were not aware of the decision and called it ""illegal""."
Fight gets cancelled as boxer falls in shower, breaks teeth	A boxing match which was supposed to be a World Featherweight title eliminator was cancelled on Friday with less than 24-hour notice after a contender fell in the shower, breaking his teeth and injuring his face. Mexican boxer Andres Gutierrez, a former world champion in featherweight and super-bantamweight, was due to fight Northern Ireland's Carl Frampton in his home town.
Case against Mastercard on overcharging 4.5cr people blocked	A £14 billion (?1.17 lakh crore) class-action lawsuit against Mastercard, for allegedly overcharging over 4.5 crore people in Britain over a 16-year period, was blocked by a court. The tribunal found no individual could receive compensation equal to the loss actually suffered. Had it been allowed, the case would have been the largest and most complex in British legal history.
2 militants, 2 civilians die in crossfire in J&K's Anantnag	Jammu and Kashmir Police has confirmed that two militants, including Lashkar-e-Taiba commander Bashir Lashkari, have been killed in Anantnag following an encounter with security forces on Saturday. Two civilians were also killed and over ten were injured in the crossfire. Lashkari was one of the most wanted Lashkar commanders who carried a bounty of ?10 lakh.
Delhi's domesticated elephants may be shifted to a sanctuary	A forest department report submitted to the High Court suggested that all the seven domesticated elephants of Delhi be shifted to a sanctuary outside the city. It observed that not only were the elephants kept in poor conditions, but it was also risky to house them in crowded localities. Most of the elephants don't have proper ownership certificates, report said.
India's first Test win at Lord's came after 11 attempts	India's Test team registered its first ever Test victory at Lord's on their 11th attempt at the ground against England on June 10, 1986. India's second victory at the ground came 28 years later, in July 2014. Interestingly, both of India's Test victories at Lord's came three years after winning the ODI World Cup titles in 1983 and 2011 respectively.
Saw Indrani Mukerjea kill Sheena Bora: Indrani's driver	"Shyamwar Rai, the driver who turned approver in the Sheena Bora murder case, told the court on Friday that Indrani Mukerjea once said to him that she wanted to kill Sheena and Mikhail. ""Indrani madam asked me to drive towards Taj Lands End (Mumbai). She sat on Sheena's face and strangulated her to death,"" he added."
Old Delhi's 150-year-old Town Hall to be redeveloped	The North Delhi Municipal Corporation on Thursday approved the redevelopment of the 150-year-old Town Hall at Chandni Chowk in Old Delhi through public-private partnership after a ?50-crore Centre-funded restoration plan was shelved. The redeveloped complex will feature a craft bazaar, fountain, maze, boutique hotel, food court, sculpture garden, lecture rooms, museum and fine dining areas.
Narendra Modi world's most important PM: Israeli newspaper	"One of Israel's leading newspapers described Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as ""the most important PM of the world"" ahead of his visit to the country. Israelis had huge expectations from US President Donald Trump's visit, but ""he didn't say much"", the newspaper said. It added that Modi, the leader of 1.25 billion people, deserves a lot of attention."
Mumbai metro to launch India's 1st mobile ticketing system	Mumbai Metro One on Wednesday announced plans to launch India's first mobile ticketing system by mid-August for easy commute. Commuters will reportedly be able to buy tickets using the Mumbai Metro app, which will generate a QR code that can be used to get access through automated fare collection gates. However, tickets will continue to be sold over the counter.
Shoe hurled at Gujarat Home Minister outside state Assembly	A shoe was hurled at Gujarat Home Minister Pradipsinh Jadeja on Thursday outside the state Assembly by a man identified as Gopal Italia. However, Italia missed his target and was immediately caught by security guards. I had approached the minister several times in the past with complaints against liquor mafia but Jadeja ignored my plea, said Italia.
Govt to hold chaupals about cashless economy for minorities	"Minority Affairs Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Monday said that the Centre will organise 'cashless chaupals' for minority communities to educate them about the cashless economy. Naqvi added that the cashless economy chaupals will be held after the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament is over. He claimed that this will make the lives of minorities ""even more convenient""."
Why are lights in plane dimmed during take off and landing?	The lights in an airplane are dimmed during take off and landing as a precautionary measure to allow passengers' eyes to pre-adjust to lower light, in case of an emergency. It helps people to be aware of their surroundings during an emergency evacuation. Additionally, the emergency markings in the aisle and the exit signs are more visible in the dark.
Kansas Governor writes to Modi over violence against Indians	"Kansas Governor Sam Brownback has written a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressing ""profound regret"" over violence against Indian nationals in the state. Further, Brownback added that acts of hate and intolerance have no place in his state. Earlier, Srinivas Kuchibhotla was killed while another Indian, Alok Madasani, was injured in a shooting at a bar in Kansas."
Axis Bank denies reports of CEO Shikha Sharma's resignation	"Axis Bank on Wednesday dismissed the reports of its MD and CEO Shikha Sharma's resignation. ""The news is false, speculative and is being circulated with the mala fide intention of misleading the investors and the general public,"" the bank said. Axis Bank's Q3 profit witnessed a sharp fall over Income Tax Department raids on some of its branches post demonetisation."
Istanbul nightclub massacre suspect captured	The gunman suspected of killing 39 people in an Istanbul nightclub on New Year's Day has been caught, Turkish officials confirmed on Tuesday. The Uzbek national, identified as Abdulkadir Masharipov, was captured in a house just 40 km from the site of the attack. According to reports, four other people, including three women, were also arrested along with him.
West Indies' Marlon Samuels cleared to bowl in int'l cricket	West Indies all-rounder Marlon Samuels has been cleared to bowl in international cricket after his action was found to be legal following reanalysis. The 36-year-old was last reported for suspect bowling action during the Galle Test against Sri Lanka in October 2015 and was subsequently suspended for 12 months in December 2015.
Indian umpires in desperate need of mentorship: Hariharan	"Reacting to erroneous umpiring decisions in IPL, former international umpire K Hariharan has said the standard can improve by having mentors guide the ""clueless"" officials. ""There should be... mentors to tell them after the game where they went wrong, where they went right,"" added Hariharan. ""I say DRS or no DRS, [umpires] should be making minimum mistakes,"" he further said."
World's oldest aircraft carrier 'INS Viraat' retires	INS Viraat, which holds a Guinness world record for being the oldest surviving aircraft carrier in the world, retired from service on Monday. INS Viraat was first commissioned in the Indian Navy on May 12, 1987, after the Indian government bought it for ?433 crore. Before 1987, the aircraft carrier had served the United Kingdom's Royal Navy for 27 years.
Notice to 100 WB schools for promoting religious intolerance	West Bengal Education Minister Partha Chatterjee has said that over 100 schools have been served show cause notice following allegations of attempt to influence innocent minds through teachings that might promote religious intolerance. The government had taken note of such activities taking place in some schools, particularly in parts of north Bengal and North 24 Parganas district, he added.
IPS officer suspended for tweeting against Yogi govt in UP	"IPS officer Himanshu Kumar was suspended on Saturday after he tweeted that seniors in the police department under the Adityanath government are targeting subordinates with Yadav surname. However, he later claimed that his comments were misinterpreted. After the UP police suspended Himanshu for indiscipline, he tweeted, ""Truth alone triumphs."""
Indian women boxers win 6 medals despite airport fiasco	India's 10-member contingent won six medals finishing third at the Nations Cup in Serbia, despite missing their luggage and being stranded at the airport for 24 hours. The women boxers' flights got cancelled following snowstorms across Europe. They reached the destination a night before the competition, while their luggage, which contained their medical books, came later.
Model Gigi Hadid to meet Sonam Kapoor during India visit	"American model Gigi Hadid, who is set to visit Mumbai on April 27, will meet actress Sonam Kapoor during her visit. ""I am excited to welcome Gigi in India,"" Sonam was quoted as saying. Earlier, it was reported that Hadid will attend singer Justin Bieber's concert in India along with boyfriend Zayn Malik."
New Alzheimer's test can predict when disease will appear	Scientists have developed a test that can predict the age at which a person could develop Alzheimer's. The test calculates the risk of onset of disease based on genetic markers developed from data of over 70,000 individuals having Alzheimer's and otherwise. Researchers said that while genetics can influence the risk of dementia, a healthy lifestyle can also curb the risk.
US House approves new sanctions against Russia	The US House of Representatives on Tuesday voted 419-3 to approve new sanctions on Russia for its interference in the 2016 presidential elections, despite President Donald Trump objecting to the legislation. The bill would also levy new sanctions against North Korea and Iran over the nations' ballistic missile programs. White House officials said they are reviewing the bill.
BJP must make its own bank accounts public: Mayawati	"BSP Chief Mayawati on Tuesday said that the BJP should reveal its ministers' bank account transaction details before the announcement of demonetisation. ""BJP is misusing the state machinery to malign the name of BSP,"" she added. Her statement comes after over ?104 crore were detected in an account linked to BSP and ?1.5 crore in the account of Mayawati's brother."
Shahid Kapoor's brother shares pic from sets of his film	Actor Shahid Kapoor's half-brother Ishaan Khattar took to social media to share pictures from his upcoming debut film 'Beyond The Clouds'. The film, directed by Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi, will also star actress Malavika Mohanan, who will reportedly play Ishaan's sister. 'Beyond The Clouds' is said to be centred around a brother-sister relationship.
Everyone should sing Vande Mataram, says Yogi Adityanath	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Saturday said that everyone should sing Vande Mataram and not singing the National Song was a matter of serious concern. Not singing Vande Mataram shows a prejudiced mind, Adityanath further added. However, he asserted that in the 21st century, the issue of 'not singing Vande Mataram' should not be the most discussed topic.
46% of 3.2 crore pending court cases against government	Around 46% cases pending in courts are against the Centre and states, according to data from the Ministry of Law and Justice. The Central government alone has 1.3 lakh pending cases against it. Further, the departments with most pending cases are railways (66,685), finance (15,651), communications (12,642), home affairs (11,668), defence (3,433) and health & family welfare (3,275).
L-G office complains about fake accounts in his name	The Delhi Police have received a complaint from Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal's office about several Twitter accounts in his name. A tweet from a fake account read that Baijal's predecessor left over 400 files without clearance. Police said two fake accounts have been closed since the matter was reported. Meanwhile, his real account garnered about 2,000 followers till Monday night.
Delhi cops donate blood to alleged burglar who fired at them	Two policemen from Delhi, constable Ashok Kumar and assistant sub-inspector Ramashray Singh, recently donated blood to an alleged burglar who fired at them. When the police shot back, one of the two burglars was injured and was taken to the hospital. The 24-year-old accused however later died in the hospital.
I wish Kangana gets along with co-stars in future: Shahid	"Actor Shahid Kapoor has said he hopes that Kangana Ranaut gets along with co-stars in future. He added, ""Kangana has a thing for one-liners. I don't believe in publicising a film or myself through this...activity."" During the promotions of their film 'Rangoon', Kangana had said that it was a nightmare sharing a cottage with Shahid for the film's shoot."
2 sentenced to life imprisonment in Ajmer dargah blast case	The NIA special court in Jaipur has sentenced Devendra Gupta and Bhavesh Patel to life imprisonment in the 2007 Ajmer dargah blast case. On March 6, the court had found Gupta, Patel, and Sunil Joshi guilty in the case, wherein three were killed and 17 others injured. Joshi who died under mysterious circumstances earlier, and Patel, were former RSS workers.
3 killed as jetty collapses due to high tide in West Bengal	At least three people were killed and several injured after a jetty collapsed due to high tide in West Bengal's Hooghly district on Wednesday. Reports claimed that several people survived by swimming towards the river's bank, while at least 30 others were missing. CM Mamata Banerjee announced a compensation of ?2 lakh each to the families of the deceased.
No difference in good and bad terrorists: India to BRICS	At the first summit of BRICS Foreign Ministers in China, India said that there is no difference between 'good' and 'bad' terrorists and all of them should be treated as criminals threatening global peace. Urging the nations to combat terrorism, India further asked them to back its efforts for the adoption of a comprehensive convention on terrorism at the UN.
Curfew imposed in Mangaluru amid communal violence	The Karnataka government has imposed prohibitory orders starting Sunday in Karnataka's Mangaluru till July 30 after recent incidents of communal violence. All acts of public utterance such as singing songs, playing music, and others which may affect public order would be banned. Communal tension in the region escalated after a RSS worker was stabbed by unidentified assailants on July 4.
Scientists make 3-atom-wide wire using smallest diamond bits	Stanford scientists have used the smallest possible diamond bits (diamondoids) to assemble atoms into three-atom-wide electrical wires. The core of each block of the nanowire is formed by copper and sulphur atoms, while diamondoids form the insulating outer shell. The technique could be used for making fabrics that produce electricity and optoelectronic devices that employ both current and light.
British Vogue editor Shulman to step down after 25 years	"The editor of British Vogue Alexandra Shulman will be stepping down from her post after over twenty-five years, as announced by the magazine's publisher Conde Nast. Conde Nast managing director Nicholas Coleridge, said: ""Alex has been the longest-serving and most successful editor of Vogue in its 100 years history."" Shulman said that she ""wanted to experience a different life""."
Delhi bans flying of aerial vehicles till August 15	"Delhi police on Monday said that it has banned the flying of aerial vehicles till Independence Day owing to terror threat. The banned aerial vehicles include drones, paragliders, quadcopters, hang-gliders, hot-air balloons, and UAVs among others. ""Certain criminal/anti-social elements or terrorists... may pose a threat to safety...by the use of sub-conventional aerial platforms"", police said."
Ganguly meets visually-challenged Bangladesh cricketers	Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly interacted with visually-challenged Bangladeshi cricketers at an event hosted by the National Cricket Club at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on Thursday. The players took a round of the stadium and clicked pictures with Ganguly, who is the President of the Cricket Association of Bengal. They were later presented mementos by the organisers.
Mulayam has no idea about SP's constitution: Ram Gopal Yadav	Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav does not have a proper idea of the party's constitution, expelled General Secretary Ram Gopal Yadav has said. Further, he added that it is unconstitutional to expel someone hours after issuing a show cause notice and without even listening to their clarification. He was sent a notice for allegedly speaking against the party line.
Is everyone else in Pak honest, righteous, asks Nawaz Sharif	"While addressing leaders of his party on Saturday, recently ousted Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif asked if everyone else in the country is ""Sadiq and Ameen"" (honest and righteous). ""I'm proud that I have not been declared ineligible over charges of corruption,"" Sharif said about his disqualification from the country's top post for not disclosing his earnings during the 2013 election."
Reddit user claims AIB's Rohan molested her, later denies it	An anonymous user in a Reddit post accused AIB's Rohan Joshi of molesting her by forcefully kissing 'her', then verbally abusing and groping 'her breast'. However, the user in another post claimed that Rohan was a great guy and the earlier post was only to show that the anonymous woman, who alleged TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar of molestation, is fake.
TN woman stages dharna at lover's wedding, groom marries her	A 21-year-old girl from Tamil Nadu tried to stop a wedding in Vikravandi, insisting the groom, Gopalakrishnan, had promised to marry her. The girl, Archana, staged a dharna at the ceremony when his family asked her to leave. After the police got involved, Gopalakrishnan confessed to dating Archana and agreed to marry her, leaving his fiancee at the altar.
7-yr-old dies after drowning in an open drain in Delhi park	A seven-year-old boy died after drowning in an open drain in south Delhi's Malviya Nagar on Thursday. The victim was reportedly playing with his friends inside a park and stepped towards the drain to pick up a cricket ball, when he slipped and drowned. A case of negligence has been registered against Delhi Development Authority, responsible for maintaining the park.
WiFi at Indian railway stations better than London's: Google	"Google's head of connectivity in India recently talked about the Google RailTel, which has started providing free WiFi at 140 railway stations in India. ""If you compare this with Wi-Fi in London and San Francisco, you will find that the Wi-Fi is better in both coverage and capacity"", he said. The initiative aims to cover 400 stations across the country."
Activist alleges cop threatened to kill her in encounter	Human rights activist Shabnam Hashmi alleged that a Delhi cop threatened to kill her in an encounter when she called him to inquire about a case. The cop allegedly also claimed that an initiative to 'surround and kill' had been launched against those without Aadhaar card or other identity proof. The police is investigating the phone recordings submitted by Hashmi.
New tech uses glowing bacteria to safely detect landmines	Israeli researchers have successfully tested a technology using fluorescent bacteria and lasers that offer a safer way to detect buried landmines. Researchers estimate that around 100 million landmines left from previous conflicts, scattered in 70 countries injure up to 20,000 people a year. The mines release vapours, smelling which the sprayed bacteria glow and get detected by lasers.
Punjab Speaker's Vinod Khanna obituary names Rajesh Khanna	Condoling the death of veteran actor Vinod Khanna, a press release from the Punjab Vidhan Sabha Speaker named actor Rajesh Khanna in its opening line. Though the headline did mention Vinod Khanna, the error was made in the introduction. While Vinod Khanna passed away on Thursday, Rajesh Khanna had died in 2012.
Sanjay apologises for bodyguards assaulting media persons	Actor Sanjay Dutt has apologised over his bodyguards assaulting local media persons in Agra. Dutt was reportedly present when the attack took place. Earlier this week, the shooting of Sanjay's film 'Bhoomi' had to be stopped as crowds, which had gathered to get a glimpse of the actor, went out of control.
CBI team visits Delhi Health Min's home over corruption case	The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) visited Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain's home today, to carry out an inquiry in the money laundering case against him. The team reportedly sought clarifications from his wife in the case. Jain is alleged to have been involved in laundering around ?4.63 crore in 2015-16 and ?11.78 crore in 2010-12.
Mid-day meal benefits to continue without Aadhaar: Govt	Following criticism from Opposition for making Aadhaar number mandatory for students to avail mid-day meals, the government has said that the benefits will continue based on alternate means of identification. The schools will have to get the children enrolled under Aadhaar but until a number is assigned, the children will continue to get the benefits, it added.
Gujarat govt canteens to offer meals at ?10 to labourers	The Gujarat government launched a pilot programme on Tuesday to provide subsidised meals to labourers for ?10, once a day, under Chief Minister Vijay Rupani's scheme 'Shramik Annapurna Yojana'. The meal will be served through stalls at various labourer markets. Although, the government plans to cover over 5 lakh registered labourers, presently, 25,000 labourers will be covered through 83 stalls.
Dhoni recalls childhood days during visit to Sehwag's school	"Former India skipper MS Dhoni on Friday visited the Sehwag International School in Haryana. Stating that his time at school was the best period of his life, Dhoni advised the students to make the best of their school days. ""It was a place where I started playing cricket and I was very sincere about my studies,"" added Dhoni."
Maha to probe delay in checking of Mumbai University papers	The Maharashtra government will initiate a probe into the delay in declaration of results of the examinations conducted by the Mumbai University (MU), state education minister Vinod Tawde said on Wednesday. The minister also added that around 70% of the total papers have been checked and the remaining 30% will be completed by July 31.
I don't think driverless cars will come to India: Pichai	"Citing a recent statement by Uber CEO Travis Kalanick that India will be the last country to get driverless cars, Google CEO Sundar Pichai has said, ""I don't think for a country like India you are gonna see, as Travis said, completely automated cars."" However, he added that using cars as a shared resource will benefit India greatly."
Sports Min Goel not interested in sports: Abhay Chautala	"Abhay Singh Chautala, former president of the Indian Olympic Association, who was recently appointed a life president of IOA, has said Sports Minister Vijay Goel is ""not interested in sports"". ""Goel should work for improving sports infrastructure in the country rather than levelling baseless allegations,"" said Chautala. Goel had expressed shock at the appointment of corruption-accused Chautala."
7 terrorists seen in army uniforms, Delhi airport on alert	Security at Delhi airport and Metro stations has been strengthened following inputs that seven terrorists have reportedly managed to get army uniforms. Moreover, personnel on election duty in Punjab have also been asked to be on alert. The security at the airport is already being maintained at the highest level in view of the Republic Day, an official said.
Peacock is national bird as it doesn't have sex: HC judge	"Urging the Centre to declare cow as the national animal, Rajasthan High Court judge Mahesh Chandra Sharma today said that peacock is the national bird because it doesn't have sex to reproduce. ""The peahen gets pregnant by drinking the tears of the peacock. Even Lord Krishna carried the feather of a peacock on his head for this reason,"" Sharma added."
Despacito beats Bieber's Sorry to become most streamed song	The song Despacito by Puerto Rican artists Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee and its remix featuring Justin Bieber beat the 2015 song Sorry, also by Bieber, to become the most streamed track ever. Despacito has recorded 4.6 billion plays across platforms. The Despacito remix has also been leading the Billboard Hot 100 chart for the 10th week.
Kannada actress Avantika accuses producer of harassment	Kannada actress Avantika Shetty has accused producer K Suresh of harassing her and objectifying her during the shoot of the film Raju Kannada Medium. Avantika wrote that she noticed that it wasn't her performance the producer was bothered about. She has approached a Karnataka court for a settlement and has also registered a formal complaint with the Karnataka Film Chamber.
China trying to enter our territory, we aren't: Jaitley	"Defence Minister Arun Jaitley has said that China is trying to enter India's territory and added that India is not entering into any country's land. Further reacting to China asking India to withdraw troops from Bhutan border areas and recall the 1962 war, Jaitley said, ""India of 2017 is different from India of 1962. Those were different situations."""
Shiv Sena leader arrested over Mumbai building collapse	Shiv Sena leader Sunil Shitap was booked for culpable homicide over the collapse of a four-storey building in which 12 people were killed in Mumbai's Ghatkopar on Tuesday. Shitap, who owned the building's ground floor, reportedly carried out illegal renovations that weakened the building. Interestingly, the building wasn't on the Mumbai civic body's list of 791 unsafe buildings this year.
RBI asks banks to resolve 55 bad loan accounts in 6 months	RBI has asked banks to resolve 55 identified high value cases of bad loans within a period of six months. Otherwise, the central bank would examine those cases and refer for resolution under the new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Earlier this month, RBI had identified 12 accounts for insolvency proceedings, which accounted for 25% of total bad loans of banks.
Swaraj asks Geeta not to leave home without informing anyone	Union Minister Sushma Swaraj has advised Geeta, the deaf-mute woman who was brought from Pakistan to India, not to leave her premises without informing anyone. This comes after she went missing on July 6 for a brief period from Indore's Institute for Speech and Hearing Impaired, following which a search operation was launched and she was found at a temple.
Didn't quit Twitter after reactions on GoT cameo: Sheeran	"Singer Ed Sheeran revealed that he didn't quit Twitter after being slammed for his cameo in the seventh season of HBO television series Game of Thrones. ""I'm in Game of Thrones, why the hell would I worry what people thought about that...timing was just a coincidence, but believe what you want,"" wrote Sheeran in an Instagram post."
Waive Air India debt instead of selling it: Workers' union	An Air India employees' union has met NITI Aayog's Arvind Panagariya and demanded the government waive the airline's debt instead of selling it to a private player. Expressing concerns about the 25,000 employees, it has further demanded salary dues should be cleared before Air India is privatised. Notably, the government has given in-principle approval for disinvestment of Air India.
Mumbai's 'kaali-peeli' drivers oppose plan to install GPS	Mumbai Taximens Union and Mumbai Taxi Association have opposed the plan to install Global Positioning System (GPS) devices in their black and yellow taxis, saying that the additional expenses will put a financial burden on drivers. This comes after government's plan to install GPS devices to help track the taxis from control room and to ensure safety of the passengers.
Petition to challenge domicile rules for medical seats in SC	Parents of admission-seekers to dental and medical institutes in Maharashtra are planning to file a petition in the Supreme Court challenging the new relaxed domicile eligibility rules for admissions. Earlier, candidates were required to have cleared both class 10th and 12th from the state to be eligible for state quota seats. Now, the requirement for class 10th has been dropped.
Prashant Bhushan calls Lord Krishna 'legendary eve teaser'	"Asserting that Romeo loved just one lady, advocate Prashant Bhushan on Sunday called Lord Krishna a 'legendary eve teaser'. He asked Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath if he had the guts to call his 'anti-Romeo squads' as 'anti-Krishna squads'. ""We have grown up with legends of young Krishna teasing Gopis. The logic of Romeo squad would criminalise this,"" he added."
Jet pilots defer decision to not fly with foreign pilots	"The local pilots' body of Jet Airways has deferred its decision to not fly with foreign pilots from next month. The body had earlier issued a directive to its members not to fly with expatriate commanders after one of the foreign pilots allegedly assaulted a trainer. It had also alleged that Jet Airways treats Indian pilots in ""step motherly"" manner."
UK school bans Fitbits as kids skip meals over calorie count	"A UK girls' school is banning Fitbit activity trackers and smartwatches over concerns that students are skipping lunch on failing to meet their calorie and exercise targets. ""We don't need our girls to be...obsessed with steps or calories,"" said the school's head teacher. The school is also putting restrictions on smartphones to tackle social media's impact on students' mental health."
DMK calls for rail roko agitation across TN over Jallikattu	Amid the ongoing protests over the ban on the bull-taming sport, Jallikattu, in Tamil Nadu, DMK on Thursday called for a statewide 'rail roko' agitation on Friday. This comes after PETA said it may take the legal route if the Centre brings an ordinance to allow conducting Jallikattu. Our campaign is against cruelty towards all animals, PETA added.
At least 24 school kids die as bus collides with truck in UP	At least 24 schoolchildren were killed and over 30 injured as a bus collided with a truck in UP's Etah district on Thursday. Driver of the bus, which was reportedly carrying nearly 50 students of JS Vidya School, was also killed in the accident. The school was open despite administration's order to close schools due to cold weather, police said.
Baby 'pregnant' with malformed twin born in Maharashtra	A newborn boy in Maharashtra's Thane was found to be 'pregnant' with own half-formed twin that was feeding off the boy's blood supply. The doctors said that it was a very rare condition called 'fetus in fetu' with less than 200 such cases recorded till date. The doctors successfully operated to remove the 7-cm fetus that weighed 150 gram.
Don?t make lynchistan out of Hindustan: Congress	"Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge on Monday said, ""Don't make lynchistan out of Hindustan"" and blamed the BJP-led NDA government in the Lok Sabha for encouraging cow vigilantism. Pointing to incidents of mob violence in Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, he slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not addressing the killings on 'Mann Ki Baat' programme."
Viv Richards blames 'arrogant' West Indies board for decline	West Indies cricketing legend Viv Richards has called the West Indies' cricket board 'arrogant' and has blamed it for the decline in WI's cricket. West Indies have failed to qualify for June's Champions Trophy, where the top eight ODI sides will compete. The team is also at a risk of missing out on an automatic berth for World Cup 2019.
Mithali Raj registers joint-most 50+ scores in women's ODIs	Indian women's cricket team captain Mithali Raj registered the joint-highest 50+ scores in women's ODIs, going past the mark for the 55th time in the ICC Women's World Cup match against New Zealand on Saturday. Mithali now shares the record with England's Charlotte Edwards, whom she surpassed to become the highest run-getter in women's ODIs earlier.
Home ministry clears proposal to add 15k men to Delhi Police	"Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said that a proposal to add 15,000 more personnel to the Delhi Police has been cleared by the Ministry of Home Affairs. Reportedly, Delhi Police has a total sanctioned strength of around 82,242 at present, of which 77,083 are filled. ""I feel Delhi Police strength is not adequate. It has to increase,"" Singh added."
?2,000 note costs the RBI only ?3.54 to make	The printing of each new ?2,000 note costs the Reserve Bank of India ?3.54, while the ?500 note costs ?3.09, an RTI response has said. Notably, Bhartiya Reserve Bank Note Mudran Private Limited, a subsidiary of RBI, prints the new ?500 and ?2,000 currency notes at the same price as that of old ?500 and ?1,000 notes respectively.
UK to scrap homeopathy treatments to stop 'misuse of funds'	UK's National Health Service (NHS) has announced plans to stop doctors from prescribing homeopathic remedies. Aiming to save around £200 million a year, the NHS chief described homeopathy as ?at best a placebo and a misuse of funds?. The plans also list 17 other items that will no longer be prescribed for reasons ranging from low clinical to low cost-effectiveness.
UP govt allocates ?50cr for free WiFi in varsities, colleges	Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath-led Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday allocated ?50 crore to enable free data services for students of universities and degree colleges across the state while presenting its first budget. The state finance minister Rajesh Agarwal presented a ?3.84 lakh crore budget, wherein ?36,000 crore has been allocated for farm loans waiver in the state.
?2,000 notes to be phased out within 5 years: RSS ideologue	RSS ideologue and notable Chartered Accountant S Gurumurthy has said that the new ?2,000 notes will be phased out within next five years. He added that the ?2,000 note was introduced only as a bridge to meet the gap in cash being taken out of circulation. Gurumurthy further claimed that the government was committed to moving towards smaller denomination notes.
One of my haters hacked my Instagram account: Rakhi Sawant	"Actress Rakhi Sawant, whose Instagram account has been deleted, has said, ""My account has been hacked. I am very upset. One of my haters has done this."" She further talked about how people think she is a slut whenever she posts on Instagram. ""They have even bad mouthed my mom so many times. These things do affect me,"" added Rakhi."
CBSE asked to install jammers to block porn sites in schools	The government told the Supreme Court on Friday that it has asked the CBSE to consider installing jammers in schools to curb access to websites having child pornographic content. The Centre further told the SC that it had blocked around 3,500 websites hosting child pornography last month. The court has asked the Centre to file status report within two days.
Polish judges urged to 'fight every inch' for independence	"The President of Poland's Supreme Court Malgorzata Gersdorf has urged the country's judges to ""fight every inch"" for justice as the ruling party plans to ""democratise"" the way judges are appointed. Under the government's proposals, the terms of all judges will be terminated within 90 days of the draft law's enactment and their replacements would be selected by Polish parliament."
43 McDonald's joints ran without health permits for 3 months	A total of 43 McDonald's outlets in Delhi operated without valid health licenses for nearly three months from April 1, estranged India partner Vikram Bakshi alleged. Bakshi, an equal joint venture partner of McDonald's India in Connaught Plaza Restaurants, refused to sign licensing documents. Notably, McDonald's shut 43 of the 55 Delhi outlets over failure to renew eating house licences.
Women claim their braids being chopped off by unknown people	After reports of approximately a dozen such cases in Haryana, two women in Delhi have complained about their braids being chopped off by unknown persons. Both the cases, wherein women did not see who chopped off their braids, occurred in Kanganheri village. Following this, villagers decided to inform the police and take turns to keep round-the-clock guard.
Get a job: Star Wars creator Lucas to autograph seekers	"Star Wars franchise creator George Lucas asked autograph seekers to get a job instead of selling his autographs for money. ""You know why I have money and you don't? Instead of spending time doing autographs, I spend my time making movies,"" he added. ""I started out just like you. I had nothing when I started,"" he further said.nnn"
Such acts only boost our morale: CRPF after attack	"The CRPF's Additional Director General of Police S N Srivastava reacted to the terrorist attack which claimed the lives of two jawans. ""Such cowardly act doesn't affect the morale of security forces in fact it will boost it. We will investigate the matter and will find out the accused behind this. Then we will respond according to that,"" he said."
Railways earned ?1,400 cr from ticket cancellations in FY17	The Indian Railways earned ?1,400 crore through cancellation of reserved tickets on request of passengers, in FY 2016-17. Further, the earnings from reserved ticket cancellations in 2015-16 were ?1,123 crore, ?908 crore in 2014-15 and ?938 crore in 2013-14. The data was released by the Centre for Railway Information Systems (CRIS) in response to an RTI query.
Trump crafted son's statement on Russian meeting: Report	US President Donald Trump personally dictated a misleading statement which his son Donald Trump Jr delivered on his meeting with a Russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential election campaign, according to a Washington Post report. In his statement, Trump Jr said he discussed the adoption of Russian children with the lawyer who had offered damaging information on Hillary Clinton.
NHAI approves Delhi rapid transit projects worth ?50k crore	The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has approved Delhi-Panipat and Delhi-Alwar Regional Rapid Transit Systems projects worth ?53,500 crore. A ground survey for aligning the projects has already been done and building them along national highways would reportedly reduce time and cost. The NHAI also agreed to take up a project to decongest Delhi by connecting three national highways.
Cyber criminals with access to 16,000 bank accounts arrested	Four men were arrested by Bengaluru Cyber Crime Police for allegedly running an online scam where they lured bank customers to invest and withdrew their money using their account details. Police reportedly seized 460 SIM cards along with laptops which had information on 16,000 bank accounts. The criminals reportedly stole small amounts of money to avoid suspicion.
Swara Bhaskar writes open letter to sexism	Actress Swara Bhaskar read out an open letter written to sexism at a recent event. She started by saying how she met sexism the day she was born when her grandmother asked her father if the newborn baby girl was fair or dark. Describing sexism as a 'stalker', she added that it has followed her everywhere in her life.
Ashwin thinks like a batsman while bowling: Pujara	"Indian cricketer Cheteshwar Pujara feels that Ravichandran Ashwin ""thinks like a batsman"", which makes him such a dangerous bowler. ""The kind of brain he has, he thinks as a batsman, what are his weaknesses and areas he needs to bowl. I think it's his experience that makes him one of the strike bowlers in this team,"" Pujara said."
1st films will always be special: Diana on 5 yrs of Cocktail	"Diana Penty, whose debut film Cocktail completed five years on Thursday, shared a picture on Instagram captioned, ""First films will always be special. I would not have been here if it wasn't for Cocktail."" Speaking about her character Meera in Cocktail, Diana added, ""The character still remains close to my heart, as I'm a lot like her in real life."""
Men held for posing as Delhi policemen and robbing people	Three members of a gang have been arrested for wearing khaki uniform and posing as policemen to rob people in Delhi. The gang dressed as policemen would reportedly check the target vehicle's documents, rob the occupants at gunpoint, and then throw them outside at an isolated stretch of road. Two other members of the gang are still on the run.
Americans donate over ?5.4 crore to rebuild mosque in Texas	An online donation drive to rebuild a mosque that was gutted by fire in the US state of Texas has raised over $800,000 (over ?5.4 crore), reports said. Nearly 18,000 people have helped to raise the funds within a day. The mosque had been burnt down hours after President Donald Trump announced the ban on immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries.
Priyanka's Hollywood debut film Baywatch hits the theatres	"Actress Priyanka Chopra's Hollywood debut film which released on Friday, ""makes for a decent one-time watch. Priyanka is convincing as ruthless Victoria...,"" wrote India Today. ""Unfunny... the film deserves to be drowned"", wrote Hindustan Times. ""Priyanka looks smokin' hot in this two-hour-long behind the scenes footage, masquerading as a film"", wrote TOI. It was rated 2.5/5 (IT, TOI), 1/5 (HT)."
Superstitious rapist wore red jacket while raping for 12 yrs	A 38-year-old serial rapist accused of raping hundreds of minors for over 12 years was arrested on Saturday, police said. It is alleged the superstitious rapist travelled from Uttar Pradesh to Delhi by only the Sampark Kranti Express, travelled only on odd dates and wore the same set of clothes - red jacket and blue jeans - while abusing girls.
Why no action against BJP, Congress over foreign funding: HC	"The Delhi High Court on Tuesday asked the Central government, ""Why no action was taken against BJP and Congress over alleged foreign funding"". In 2014, the court had ordered the Election Commission and the Home Ministry to look into the accounts of the Congress and BJP for traces of foreign funds and take action within six months."
Muguruza becomes second Spanish woman to win Wimbledon	Spain's Garbine Muguruza became only the second Spanish women's player in the history of tennis to win the Wimbledon singles title. Muguruza defeated five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams 7-5, 6-0 to lift her second Grand Slam on Saturday. Muguruza had defeated 23-time Grand Slam champion, Serena Williams, to lift her maiden Grand Slam at the French Open in 2016.
Mumbai University directs colleges to speed up evaluation	Mumbai University has asked its colleges to speed up the assessment process by assigning evaluators in proportion to their students. Reportedly, only 28% teachers are evaluating the answer scripts and only 6.5 lakh out of 18 lakh answer sheets have been assessed so far. The on-screen assessment system adopted by the university this year was blamed for the delay.
Beyonce fulfils dying fan's wish to talk to her	Singer Beyonce fulfilled the wish of Ebony Banks, a dying fan suffering from cancer, whose dream was to talk to Beyonce once in her life. Ebony passed away three days after talking to the singer over a video chat. Ebony's classmates had started an online campaign before her death to give her a chance to meet her favourite singer.
Congress flies 44 Gujarat MLAs to Bengaluru	The Congress flew 44 of its Gujarat MLAs to Bengaluru on Friday night to reportedly prevent them from switching sides to the BJP. This comes after six Congress MLAs resigned, and five of them joined the BJP over the last two days. The legislators will reportedly stay at a resort till the Rajya Sabha elections on August 8.
Shahid's half-brother Ishaan shares poster of debut film	"Actor Shahid Kapoor's half-brother Ishaan Khattar took to Instagram to share the first poster of his debut film titled 'Beyond The Clouds'. The film has been directed by Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi. This is the Oscar nominated filmmaker's first ever film in India. ""Ishaan is extremely talented and... he will have a bright future in the film industry,"" said Majidi."
Celebrities post pics to support Irani's #CottonIsCool look	"Union Minister of Textiles Smriti Irani posted a picture of herself dressed in a cotton saree and asked people to take the #CottonIsCool trend forward. Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje shared a photo of herself wearing cotton and tweeted, ""Cotton is a statement - comfortable, fashionable. #CottonIsCool,"" while Virender Sehwag tweeted, ""#CottonIsCool, really really cool."""
Federer reaches his 28th Grand Slam final at Australian Open	Seventeen-time Grand Slam champion Switzerland's Roger Federer overcame compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka in five sets on Thursday to reach his 28th Grand Slam final and his sixth Australian Open final. Chasing his fifth Australian Open title, Federer on Sunday will play the winner of the semi-final between one-time Australian Open champion Rafael Nadal and Bulgaria's Grigor Dimitrov.
Bengaluru molestation cases rise 417% over decade	According to police data, the incidents of molestation reported in Karnataka's capital city Bengaluru have increased by 417% in the last 10 years from 2006 to 2016. The data revealed that a total of 4,241 complaints were filed between these years. However, the conviction rate stood at 0.37% with only 16 cases reaching the punishment stage.
UP govt suspends two cops pictured at party with criminals	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath's office has ordered to suspend two sub-inspectors after they were pictured at a party with criminals. This comes after the pictures of the party went viral on social media. The party was thrown in the policemen's honour at the Radha Kund police post in Mathura after they were transferred to different posts.
Maharashtra approves bank guarantees for 4 Metro projects	Maharashtra government on Sunday approved bank guarantees and loan-related sanctions for four Mumbai Metro projects. They approved bank guarantee for Metro 4 and issued Debt Sustainability Certificate (DSC) for Metro 2A, Metro 2B and Metro 7 projects. This will help formalise the loan agreements with Asian Development Bank and Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank which are funding the projects.
Ben Stiller separates from wife after 17 years of marriage	Hollywood actor Ben Stiller announced his separation from wife Christine Taylor after 17 years of marriage on Friday. The two have worked together in films including n'Zoolander', 'Tropic Thunder' and television series 'Arrested Development', among others. They got married in 2000 and have two children together, a fifteen-year-old daughter and a twelve-year-old son.nn
Mumbai is financially smart to manage black money: I-T dept	With most seizures of cash being reported from places other than the financial capital of the country post demonetisation, Income Tax officials said that Mumbai is financially smart enough to handle black money. Although Mumbai is India's richest city, hardly 10% of the total cash seizures in the country in last 37 days have been registered in Mumbai, officials added.
15-yr-old Haryana girl pregnant after being raped by cousins	A 15-year-old Haryana girl has been found to be seven-months pregnant after two of her cousins allegedly raped her several times. The incident came to light after she complained of stomach ache and was taken to the hospital on July 29. The police have arrested one of the accused, who is a juvenile, while the other is on the run.
Vishnu Vardhan wins his 2nd Challenger title of the season	Indian tennis player Vishnu Vardhan won the men's doubles event at the $125,000 ATP Astana Challenger with Japanese partner Toshihide Matsui on Saturday, clinching his second Challenger title of the season. The Indo-Japanese pair defeated the Russian pair of Evgeny Karlovskiy and Evgeny Tyurnev 7-6(3), 6-7(5), 10-7. Vardhan, ranked 179th, has already won six ITF Futures doubles titles this season.
Congress claims its Gujarat MLA was abducted by police	Rajya Sabha proceedings were adjourned on Friday after Congress members reportedly created a disturbance to protest the alleged abduction of their MLA by police in Gujarat. They also accused BJP of 'stealing' MLAs to influence the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections and forced repeated adjournments. Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi demanded Congress' apology to Gujarat for 'tarnishing its image'.
How can a Test end as drawn, not tied when scores are level?	A Test is considered drawn, and not tied if the batting team has wickets remaining when the time expires, even if the scores are level. A Test can be termed tied only if the chasing side gets all-out with the scores level. The Bulawayo Test between England and Zimbabwe was declared drawn with the scores level, on December 22, 1996.n
Completion of Delhi-Meerut expressway delayed again	The completion of the Delhi-Meerut expressway has been further postponed to March 2018, an official has said. The official added that 15% of the construction work in segment one has been finished but the bidding process for the second construction package has not been completed yet. The Delhi-Meerut Expressway will reduce travel time from two hours to around 45 minutes.
Bayern Munich win record fifth straight Bundesliga title	Bayern Munich secured a record-extending fifth consecutive Bundesliga title on Saturday after defeating VfL Wolfsburg 6-0 to register an unassailable 10-point lead at the top of the table with three matches remaining. This was Bayern's 27th German league title with their manager Carlo Ancelotti now being the first manager to win titles in four of 'the big five' leagues.
Iran to block US visitors after Trump's immigration ban	"After US President Donald Trump barred its citizens from entering the US, Iran on Sunday said it would block entry for American citizens to the country until the US government withdraws its decision. Calling Trump's decision ""an open affront against the Iranian nation and Muslim world"", Iran said it will be recorded in history as ""a great gift to extremists""."
'Transformers' actor hurls insults at cops arresting him	"'Transformers' actor Shia LaBeouf, who was arrested on charges of disorderly conduct and public intoxication, hurled insults at policemen arresting him. ""I came up to you trying to be nice, you stupid b****... I got more millionaire lawyers than you know what to do with,"" he said. LaBeouf was arrested for using vulgar language when he was denied a cigarette."
Private images of H'wood actress Sienna Miller leaked online	"Private pictures of Hollywood actress Sienna Miller have been leaked online by hackers. ""Sienna will be devastated that these pictures said to be of her fooling around have been put online by some weirdo,"" said a source. Previously, private pictures of Emma Watson, Miley Cyrus, Amanda Seyfried, Demi Lovato, Katie Cassidy, Suki Waterhouse, among others have also been leaked online. nn"
Fellow jawans happy that I posted the video: BSF Jawan	Tej Bahadur Yadav, the BSF jawan who posted a video showing the alleged poor quality of food served to the jawans, has claimed that fellow jawans were happy about the video. He has now been transferred back to the headquarters and assigned plumber's duty, Yadav said. Yadav's Commandant also tried to get him to take the video down, he alleged.
India have run out of ideas to dismiss Steve Smith: Chappell	"Former Australian cricketer Ian Chappell said that the Indian team has run out of ideas to dismiss Australian captain Steve Smith in the current Border-Gavaskar Test series. Smith is the highest scorer in the four-match series, having amassed 378 runs including two centuries in three Tests so far. ""Smith's patience and thirst for runs is never-ending"", Chappell said."
Golgappa vendor stabbed 18 times for refusing to serve	A golgappa seller in outer Delhi's Mangolpuri area was killed on Sunday by five people who stabbed him 18 times after he refused to serve them. The police have held all the five accused, including two juveniles, and said that they have confessed to the crime. The accused told the police that they were drunk and got enraged over refusal.
Man wears 14 kg gold, travels with 16 cars on Kanwar Yatra	Sudhir Makkar, popularly known as 'Golden Baba', wears over 14 kg of gold, including 21 gold chains, 21 lockets of deities, armlets and sometimes a gold jacket, on the Kanwar Yatra. He also wears a ?27-lakh Rolex watch and is accompanied by 18 bouncers and eight security officers in his 16-car caravan during the yatra.
Bipasha performs yoga asanas with her husband Karan	"Actress Bipasha Basu has shared pictures of her performing various yoga asanas with her husband Karan Singh Grover on the occasion of International Yoga Day on Wednesday. Bipasha captioned one of the pictures, ""Yoga is like Life - It's a beautiful balance of holding on & letting go."" She also used the hashtag '#yogimonkey' while sharing the three pictures."
South African international charged with match-fixing	Pacer Lonwabo Tsotsobe, who appeared in five Tests and 61 One Day Internationals for South Africa, has been charged with match-fixing by the nation's cricket board. The charges are related to South Africa's domestic Twenty20 series held in 2015. Six other players have already been banned for trying to fix the outcome of matches in the T20 league.
MP witnessed deaths of 28K kids below 6 yrs of age in 2016	"More than 28,000 children aged less than six years have died in Madhya Pradesh in 2016, state's Women and Child Welfare Department Minister Archana Chitnis apprised the Assembly. ""Technically, It is impossible to answer how many children died because of malnourishment because children died because of various diseases, which could have resulted from malnourishment,"" she stated."
Tiger Woods outside top 1,000 golf rankings for the 1st time	Golfer Tiger Woods has dropped outside of the top 1,000 ranks for the first time in his professional career, ranking 1,005 in the latest World Golf Rankings. Woods, who was world number one for a record 683 weeks, last held the top rank in May 2014. The 41-year-old is suffering from back problems, playing only one tournament this year.
Sunny denies reports of Yash Raj Films launching his son	"Actor Sunny Deol has denied reports of Yash Raj Films launching his son Karan Deol and added, ""Only we were supposed to launch him."" Karan's debut film, reportedly titled 'Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas', will be directed and produced by Sunny. Reports suggested that Sunny had objected to Yash Raj Films' three-film deal which Karan was supposed to sign. n"
Goa govt plans to ban entry of locals into casinos	"Goa CM Manohar Parrikar has said his government is planning to ban entry of locals into casinos. ""I sincerely believe that gambling isn't good?It's human nature to gamble that's why we cannot eradicate it completely, but definitely we cannot encourage it,"" he said. Parrikar, however, added the casinos will not be closed immediately as some companies have invested in them."
Talking about toilets is still taboo in India: Akshay Kumar	"Actor Akshay Kumar has said that talking about toilets is still considered a taboo in India. He added, ""It's also about the mindset. In places where I've gone, I heard people saying, 'We don't do it (defecate) in the same house where we cook food'. But how can they openly defecate on the field, from where the food is coming?"""
MHA awards 'Z' category security to Amar Singh	The Home Ministry has awarded the 'Z' category security cover to Rajya Sabha MP Amar Singh, making him UP's second politician after Mulayam Singh Yadav to be given the 'Z' security cover. Under the 'Z' category cover, Singh will be guarded by 24 commandos of the central armed police, with protection also being extended to his home and office.
Federer's opponent cries mid-match during Wimbledon final	Swiss tennis star Roger Federer's opponent in the Wimbledon 2017 final, Croatia's Marin Cilic was seen crying during a second-set changeover on Sunday. Cilic had to take a medical timeout in the middle and after the end of the second set. The 2014 US Open winner's left foot was bruised, which required treatment.
Samajwadi Party candidate in UP polls dies while on campaign	Samajwadi Party's Alapur candidate, Chandrashekhar Kanaujia, died following a heart attack during an election campaign event on Sunday in Ambedkar Nagar. He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead. Notably, the Samajwadi Party had given Kanaujia the ticket against its current legislator Bhim Prasad Sonkar. The constituency will go for polling on February 27.
Govt scraps Bengaluru's ?1,761 cr steel flyover project	Following pressure from citizens and green activists, the Karnataka government on Thursday abandoned the controversial steel flyover project in Bengaluru, saving at least 800 trees from being cut. The National Green Tribunal had in October 2016 stayed the 6.9-km project which was estimated to cost ?1,761 crore. The tender to construct the flyover had been awarded to construction major L&T.
Maharashtra, Rajasthan record highest child marriage cases	Maharashtra and Rajasthan recorded the highest number of cases of child marriage, according to a National Commission for Protection of Child Rights' report. Of the 70 districts identified with high incidents of child marriage, 17 are in Maharashtra, followed by 13 in Rajasthan. Notably, 326 child marriages were reported in 2016, up from the 293 cases in 2015.
Missing AN-32 plane my worst moment in office: IAF Chief	The outgoing Indian Air Force Chief Arup Raha on Wednesday said the worst moment during his tenure was when he heard about an AN-32 plane going missing with 29 personnel on board. Citing that the IAF undertook over 1,000 flying hours to search for the plane, Raha termed it as a mistake of not fitting AN-32s with underwater locator beacons.
Rishi Kapoor bought his Filmfare award for ?30,000 in 1973	"Actor Rishi Kapoor bought his Filmfare award for the film 'Bobby' for an amount of ?30,000 in 1973. ""Yes, I bought a film award for ?30,000 in 1973. I am ashamed of what I did but was young and rich!"" he said. Kapoor received the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for 'Bobby', which marked his debut as a male lead."
8-10 people attacked my house on Sunday: Manoj Tiwari	"Police have arrested four people after Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari claimed that his Central Delhi residence had been attacked by 8-10 people on Sunday night. The leader, however, was not present at his home when the attack took place. ""This was a life-threatening attack, two of my men have been injured,"" Manoj Tiwari was quoted as saying."
India sends back 47 Pak students over mutilation of soldiers	Amid rising tension after the mutilation of bodies of two Indian soldiers, the government has sent back a delegation of 47 Pakistani students. MEA spokesperson Gopal Baglay said an NGO had invited the students and their teachers as part of an exchange programme. The government advised the NGO that this is not the right time for such programmes.
Why no deposit window for old notes after Dec 31: SC to Govt	The Supreme Court on Tuesday pulled up the Centre and the RBI over demonetisation measures taken, asking why they did not give a window to citizens to deposit old currency notes after December 31. The apex court gave the Central government and the Reserve Bank of India two weeks' time to reply to the notice.
Airtel, Idea, Vodafone to be probed for blocking Jio's entry	The Competition Commission has ordered a probe against major telcos for allegedly trying to block the entry of Reliance Jio, reports said. The regulator's decision comes after a complaint filed against Airtel, Vodafone, Idea, and Cellular Operators Association of India. The watchdog reportedly has concluded that dominant telcos used the platform of COAI to deny interconnection points to Jio.
Pakistan not an ally, but a threat: US think tank	"Accusing Pakistan of providing a breeding ground to banned terror groups Taliban and Haqqani network, US think tank CSIS said that ""Pakistan is more of a threat than an ally"". US should make it clear to Pakistan that it faces a total end to aid, and the imposition of sanctions, if it continues to support terrorism, the think tank added."
Government to launch helpline number 14444 for e-payments	The government will launch a nationwide toll-free helpline 14444 within a week to provide support related to cashless transactions, reports said. The 'Cash Mukt Bharat Abhiyan Helpline' will help people find suitable options depending on whether they have a smartphone or not. Earlier this week, the government launched a new television channel and a website to promote digital payments.
HC bars debt-ridden man from going out, cites Mallya example	The Karnataka High Court barred a debt-ridden businessman from going abroad, citing Vijay Mallya's case. The man, Nitin Shambhu Kumar Kasliwal, owes ?6,494 crore to banks including Punjab National Bank, Central Bank, and UCO Bank, among others. The prosecution expressed that it fears if he is allowed to go abroad, the banks might not be able to recover their money.
For Bihar's future, need to fight corruption together: Modi	"PM Narendra Modi on Wednesday said everyone needs to rise above political differences and fight corruption together for India's bright future, especially Bihar. ""This is the need of the hour and the nation,"" Modi tweeted. This comes after JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar resigned as Bihar CM following corruption charges on his alliance partner, RJD's Lalu Yadav and his family."
None imagined me in this film post serial-kisser tag: Emraan	"Actor Emraan Hashmi, whose film 'Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai' completed seven years on Sunday, said that people had never imagined him in this kind of cinema, considering the serial-kisser tag he had. ""The director Milan Luthria and the producers dared to take the risk, and had belief in the potential of the film,"" Emraan added."
Telangana plans to rent jails to states with crowded prisons	Telangana prisons department, citing Norway's example, has proposed to accommodate prisoners from overcrowded prisons in India at a rent of ?10,000 a month per prisoner. An official said that they are looking to accommodate convicts facing jail time for non-serious crimes. They are looking to start the scheme next year after making space for around 2,000 renter-prisoners, the official added.
UK boss gives staff castle office with ice cave, ski lodge	Money.co.uk founder Chris Morling spent £3 million (?25.3 crore) to build an office which features an ice cave, ski lodge, Star Wars-themed movie theatre, and gaming arcade. The office, based in a Victorian castle in England, features Rolling Stones-themed bathrooms and a yoga studio. His staff, paid up to £500,000 a year, are also sent on annual all-expenses paid trips.
BJP MP moves bill seeking Parliament seats for Gilgit, PoK	A BJP MP has moved a private member's bill in the Lok Sabha, seeking reservation of five seats in the Lok Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha for residents of Gilgit and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) regions. The MP expects the bill to be taken up during the second phase of the Budget Session of Parliament starting from March 9.
WWE bars wrestler from using his surname, claims they own it	"WWE has barred two-time Intercontinental champion Cody Rhodes from using his surname since they own intellectual property rights to the pro-wrestling character of Cody Rhodes. The wrestler uses only his first name for work outside WWE, including his appearances in Impact Wrestling, Ring Of Honor, among others. ""I don't mind that WWE took away my last name,"" said Cody."
Philippine Prez offers Muslim self-rule to counter ISIS	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday offered self-rule to the country's Muslim minority in an attempt to defeat militants loyal to Islamic State who have besieged the city of Marawi for nearly two months. The government and Muslim insurgent groups have agreed that giving the mainly Catholic nation's Islamic minority self-rule is crucial for ending the lure of violent extremism.
I fear I may not be welcome in Trump's US: Stephen Hawking	"Talking about plans on visiting the US, British physicist Stephen Hawking said, ""I would like to visit again and to talk to other scientists, but I fear that I may not be welcome."" He added that the country had taken a ""definite swing to a rightwing, more authoritarian approach"". The 75-year-old Cambridge scientist also raised concerns over Trump's environment policy."
Divyang people needn't stand for National Anthem in theatres	The Supreme Court on Friday exempted people with physical disabilities from its recent ruling of making it mandatory for everyone to stand during the National Anthem to be played compulsorily before film screenings in theatres. The apex court further clarified that the doors of the cinema halls will be closed, but not bolted when the National Anthem is played.
B'luru firm agrees to give cab service to females after stir	"Bengaluru firm IDC Technologies that had said ""we are not responsible for women's safety after they log out"" has agreed to provide cab service to female employees working on the night shift. This comes after a female employee from the firm met IT Minister Priyank Kharge to bring up the matter, and the minister assured action after formal complaint."
Who is Bharat Arun, Indian cricket team's new bowling coach?	Team India's newly appointed bowling coach Bharat Arun's coaching career started in 2002 with Tamil Nadu's Ranji side, the team he represented as a player. Arun led Tamil Nadu to two Ranji finals in his 4-year stint with the team. Arun has also coached the India Under-19 team, helping them win the U-19 World Cup in 2012.
Dravid urges decisive call on Dhoni, Yuvraj's role in team	"Rahul Dravid has asked for a decision to be taken on the role of MS Dhoni and Yuvraj Singh in the Indian team. ""Do you want to look at the available talent and see what they have to offer before going back to these... players?"" asked Dravid. He further said that a decision about India's spin combination should be taken."
Promotional pic depicting kidnapped actress slammed online	"A promotional picture for an upcoming film showing South Indian actress Varalaxmi tied to a bed with the caption #VaralaxmiGotKidnapped has been slammed on Twitter. ""So now they have used actress kidnapped as a promotion, will they scream rape next?"" tweeted a user. ""So much for all the female empowerment talks. Tacky promotions,"" read another tweet."
Cancel OPPO's sponsorship of Indian team: RSS affiliate	"Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, an RSS affiliate, has written to Sports Minister Vijay Goel demanding the annulment of BCCI's contract with Chinese firm OPPO for sponsoring the Indian cricket team. The organisation, which has launched a campaign to push for indigenous production and consumption of goods, stated, ""This would not only misguide our youth in blindly going for buying Chinese brands."""
Harsh Vardhan given charge of Environment Ministry	Minister of Earth Sciences and Science and Technology, Harsh Vardhan, has been given additional charge of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEF) after the demise of Union Minister Anil Madhav Dave. Dave (60), who was given the charge of MoEF on 5 July 2016, passed away at his official residence on Thursday.
Sidhu to campaign for Cong if Jaitley contests Punjab bypoll	"Punjab Congress Chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said Navjot Singh Sidhu will campaign against Finance Minister Arun Jaitley if he decides to contest the Lok Sabha by-election in Amritsar. ""Sidhu will join the Congress in a day or two,"" Amarinder Singh added. Sidhu was BJP MP from Amritsar and had won the seat in 2004, 2007 by-election and 2009."
Sinha advocates 'pitamah' Advani's name for next president	"BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha called LK Advani 'pitamah' (father figure) and said the veteran leader should have been the first and last choice for the president's post. ""Advani ji is far above others if election is done through a referendum or direct voting by the people, of the people & for the people,"" Sinha tweeted."
TN farmers detained outside PM Modi's residence	Around 70 Tamil Nadu farmers demanding a loan waiver and drought-relief package near Prime Minister Narendra Modi's residence were detained on Sunday. The farmers reportedly decided to resume protests after Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami failed to meet their demands in April. The farmers' demands include a drought relief package of ?40,000 crore.
India rejects Pakistan's claims of flying jets over Siachen	The Indian Air Force has rejected Pakistan Air Force's claims of having flown fighter jets above the Indian side in Siachen on Wednesday. According to a statement by the Indian side, there was no violation of air space. Earlier, Pakistani media reports claimed that Mirage fighter jets were flown over Siachen and all forward operating bases were made operational.
Ex-SC lawyer alleges mother harassed by Jet Airways staff	Kawaljit Singh Bhatia, a former advocate at the Supreme Court, has alleged in a Facebook post that his mother was harassed by Jet Airways officials at the Delhi International Airport on May 3. Bhatia added that his mother had a blackout and suffered an injury in the process. The airline, however, has denied the allegations.
No proposal to scrap buddy system in Army: Government	The Centre informed the Lok Sabha there is no proposal in consideration to scrap Sahayak or buddy system in the Army. This comes after several jawans voiced their outrage against the system saying they are treated like servants by senior officers. Notably, under Sahayak system, a jawan is attached to officers and their duties include protecting and helping the officers.
Have to make efforts to remove VIP culture from minds: Modi	"Addressing the nation in the 31st edition of his monthly radio show 'Mann Ki Baat', Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, ""We have to make efforts to cleanse it (the VIP culture) out of our minds."" Modi further said, ""In our country, there exists an atmosphere of disdain towards VIP culture. But that it runs so very deep, I just experienced."""
Canal opened to swimmers after century closes within a week	"The Paris canal opened to swimmers after nearly a century was temporarily closed within a week due to pollution and ""unsatisfactory"" water quality. The temporary swimming zones at the canal were the culmination of a 10-year effort by officials to purify the canal water. Swimming in Paris' city waters was banned in 1923 over fears of currents and water quality."
Former CEO of NSE earned ?23 crore in her last eight months	Chitra Ramkrishna, former MD and CEO of National Stock Exchange (NSE), had drawn nearly ?23 crore as total remuneration for the last eight months of her tenure. This was 3-fold more than ?7.87 crore that she earned in 2015-16. Ramkrishna, who has been with NSE since its inception, quit on December 2 last year, citing personal reasons.
Knew about Nitish's plan for past 3-4 months: Rahul Gandhi	Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Thursday claimed that he knew about Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's plans to leave the Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance and form a new government with BJP for the past three or four months. Adding that people go to any extent for power, he said there was no rule or credibility in Indian politics.
Two militants killed in encounter in Burhan Wani's hometown	"Two militants have reportedly been killed today in an ongoing encounter with security forces in terror outfit Hizbul Mujahideen's slain commander Burhan Wani's hometown Tral in South Kashmir's Pulwama district. However, Inspector General of Police Muneer Khan said, ""Till the time we do not recover bodies and weapons, we can't confirm it."""
No one like Deepika, she's the queen of the world: Diesel	"Hollywood actor Vin Diesel has said that Deepika Padukone is the queen of the world and there is no one like her. ""I saw her in 'Bajirao Mastani' and she was mind blowing. I wanted to work with Deepika for a long time,"" he added. Diesel is currently in India to promote his upcoming film 'xXx: Return of Xander Cage'."
India's first woman chief judge of a High Court passes away	"India's first woman High Court Chief Justice and Delhi High Court's first woman judge, Justice (retired) Leila Seth, passed away at her residence in Noida at the age of 86. Seth was the mother of noted author Vikram Seth. ""Saddened at the passing of Justice Leila Seth. She was a champion of human rights,"" West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee tweeted."
Williams sisters get richer by ?28.8 cr after Aus Open final	The Williams sisters have earned combined ?28.8 crore (Australian $5.6 million) as prize money after the Australian Open women's singles final. Serena played against sister Venus in a Grand Slam final after eight years, with their last meeting being in Wimbledon 2009. Serena, the winner of the final, was awarded A$3,700,000 (?19 crore), while Venus got A$1,900,000 (?9.8 crore).
NCP, JDU, others decline Congress' anti-note ban meet invite	"The Left, JD(U), NCP, and SP has reportedly refused to attend the joint press conference scheduled to be held in Delhi by the Congress and the TMC against the Centre's demonetisation move on Tuesday. ""We don't know what is the agenda of the press briefing. There's no common minimum programme. So how can we participate,"" JD(U) leader KC Tyagi said."
Rabbit set to be world's biggest dies on United flight	"A 3-foot-long rabbit named Simon, which was expected to become the world's biggest rabbit, died in the cargo section of a United Airlines flight recently travelling from London to Chicago. ""Something very strange has happened...I've sent rabbits all around the world and nothing like this has happened before,"" stated Simon's breeder. The airlines stated that it is reviewing the incident."
Modi will run back to Gujarat like a son of a rat: TMC MP	"Trinamool Congress MP Kalyan Banerjee on Wednesday slammed PM Narendra Modi over demonetisation and the arrest of TMC party leaders, stating, ""Modi will run back to Gujarat like a son of a rat."" Refusing to apologise for his remarks, Banerjee further accused the media of favouring the PM. The BJP has lodged a complaint against him."
BJP office attacked in Manipur, party blames Congress	The BJP office in Manipur's Imphal was attacked by unknown people on Wednesday who broke the furniture and left the office in a bad condition. The party alleged that the miscreants, who were also shouting anti-BJP slogans, belonged to the Congress. BJP said it will take up the matter in the public instead of just reporting it to the police.
NIA to revoke Islamic preacher Zakir Naik's Indian passport	The National Investigation Agency (NIA) is set to revoke the Indian passport of Islamic Research Foundation President Dr Zakir Abdul Karim Naik, who is wanted in a criminal case under money laundering laws. The NIA, which claimed Naik has invested ?104 crore in 10 companies and 19 properties, has initiated proceedings for a Red Corner Notice against the Islamic preacher.
We urge India to stop bloodbath in Kashmir: Nawaz Sharif	"Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif on Sunday said, ""We urge India to stop the bloodbath in Kashmir and allow free and fair plebiscite under the UN auspices"". ""The people of Pakistan join their Kashmiri brothers and sisters in observing Kashmir Solidarity Day to reaffirm our moral, diplomatic and political support to the legitimate struggle of the Kashmiris,"" he added."
2 jawans martyred as militants attack Army convoy in J&K	An Army convoy was attacked by Hizbul Mujahideen militants on Jammu-Srinagar National Highway in Anantnag district on Saturday, resulting in the martyrdom of two soldiers and injuries to four others. Militants opened indiscriminate firing on the Army convoy, which was going to Srinagar. The area was later cordoned off and traffic on the highway was stopped.
Tomatoes worth ?70,000 stolen from Mumbai vegetable market	Tomatoes worth ?70,000 were stolen from a vegetable market in Mumbai after a shopkeeper left the crates outside his shop. He reportedly feared that rats might eat the stock if the tomatoes were kept inside. Police officials probing the theft said there is no CCTV footage and added that they are questioning coolies and other vegetable vendors.
18 Democratic lawmakers to boycott Trump inauguration event	Around 18 Democratic lawmakers have said they will boycott US President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration ceremony on January 20. This comes after intelligence agencies concluded that Russia intervened in the polls and helped Republican Trump win. Civil rights leader and Democratic party lawmaker John Lewis, who was slammed by Trump for not recognising his presidency, is among those not attending.
Air India pilot flies bird-hit plane with 122 on board	An Air India pilot allegedly breached security protocol and flew a bird-hit plane carrying 122 passengers from Bhopal-Delhi on Monday. The flight was reportedly denied permission to land at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi for not following the standard operating procedure. An Air India spokesperson said it was diverted to Jaipur, where all the passengers deplaned safely.
UP civic body website hacked, post demands freedom for J&K	"Uttar Pradesh's Municipal Committee of Rampur website was reportedly hacked on Wednesday by a person claiming to be a 'Kashmiri' and displayed messages demanding freedom for Kashmir. ?I am a kashmiri, its my crime. i am a Muslim. kill me and call it COLLATERAL DAMAGE. imprison me and call it SECURITY MEASURES,"" a message posted by the hacker read."
Maha proposal to give tribal land to Foxconn sparks protests	The Maharashtra government's proposal to transfer tribal land in Palghar to iPhone manufacturer Foxconn has sparked protests by locals. The land, which had been acquired earlier for a project that did not start, was lying unclaimed and some original owners continued farming. A government official said Foxconn will be more interested in this location due to its proximity to Mumbai.
Authorities plan night patrols to curb Noida sand mining	After the police detected illegal sand mining along Yamuna in Greater Noida, the District Magistrate of Noida said that the authorities are planning to start night patrolling along the river to curb the menace. Noting that sand mining takes place mostly at night, the Magistrate instructed the Subdivisional Magistrates to make a list of defaulting sand miners under their jurisdiction.
Swamy alleges interference by Union Ministers in TN politics	BJP leader Subramanian Swamy on Monday accused 'certain Union Ministers' of meddling with the political affairs of Tamil Nadu. He also filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court seeking the appointment of AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala as the state's Chief Minister. Swamy, however, refused to name the ministers who were taking 'undue interest' in the ongoing political crisis.
Chain snatchers flee with IAS officer's gold chain in Ajmer	"Snehlata Panwar, an IAS officer posted in Ajmer district in Rajasthan, became the victim of two chain snatchers on Saturday. ""A boy came from behind and snapped at my neck. The moment I looked behind, he had fled away after breaking the chain,"" the officer said. The police is scanning through CCTV footage, according to reports."
Fawad Khan's wife shares 1st pic of daughter Elayna	Pakistani actor Fawad Khan's wife Sadaf Khan has shared the first picture of their daughter Elayna, three months after her birth in October. The picture, which was taken during their son Ayaan's birthday, shows Fawad holding Elayna. Earlier, Fawad ordered 112 custom-made red velvet floral-themed cakes to announce his daughter's name to his family and friends.
Crocodile, dinosaur, turtle fossils found at a single site	Fossils of a complete crocodile, turtles, and bones belonging to at least six different dinosaurs from the Cretaceous Period, 145 to 66 million years ago, have been excavated from a single site in China's Jilin province. The 1.5-metre-long crocodile fossil was well preserved from head to tail, with clear skin, which is quite rare among Cretaceous era findings, scientists said.
Ghaziabad police arrests man with 31 countrymade guns	Ghaziabad police on Monday arrested a man in possession of arms that he was to allegedly deliver to an unidentified buyer on the same day. Police have recovered 31 countrymade weapons and 16 live cartridges that were allegedly manufactured at an illegal arms factory. He has also been to jail earlier in connection with manufacturing and supplying arms, police said.
Peacock parts used for medicinal purposes: WWF study	A study by World Wildlife Fund has found that at least three systems of traditional medicine in India - Siddha, Ayurveda and Unani - prescribe peacock parts in various potions. It stated that the practice is being followed by frauds and hospitals, including those funded by the ministry of AYUSH, in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, Gujarat, and Rajasthan.
Signed anti-Russia sanctions bill for national unity: Trump	"US President Donald Trump has said he signed the anti-Russia sanctions bill, which accuses Russia of meddling in the 2016 US presidential election and punishes the country for its annexation of Crimea, ""for the sake of national unity"". Calling the bill ""seriously flawed"", Trump said that it encroaches on his authority to negotiate to strike good deals for the US."
PM Modi issues orders to put armed forces under one officer	Prime Minister Narendra Modi has reportedly asked the Ministry of Defence to initiate theatre commands for the military, which would put the troops and resources of the three forces under one officer. New initiatives, including the appointment of a four-star general to look after the issues of the armed forces, would also be taken by the end of the year.
Tree trunks emit greenhouse gas instead of storing it: Study	US-based researchers tested a cluster of trees, soil and woody debris to determine whether those three components were sources or sinks of greenhouse gases. Tree trunks were found to emit methane rather than storing it, scientists said, which could counteract absorption of methane by forest soils. However, the mechanism of methane production in forests was not clearly understood.
Bengaluru witnesses its first lesbian marriage	In a first in Bengaluru, a case of lesbian marriage has been reported wherein a 25-year-old woman tied the knot with her 21-year-old distant relative at a temple in Koramangala. While the parents of the younger one filed a missing complaint initially, police investigation later revealed that the duo was married. Notably, same-sex marriages are not legal in India.
Kovind likely to visit Ladakh Army posts on 1st trip as Prez	India's President-elect Ram Nath Kovind, who will take the oath of the office on Tuesday, is likely to head to the Army posts in Ladakh on his maiden trip as President. According to an Army official, the process for his visit has been initiated and the approval is expected soon. Notably, the President is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces.
Bihar ministers rent out bungalows for parties at ?3L a day	"As per reports, Bihar ministers have been renting out their official bungalows for private functions, including marriages and parties, for nearly ?3 lakh per day. ""There is an empty field behind my house. When people need it for marriages, I let them use it. I don't take money from anybody,"" said one of the accused ministers, Shivchandra Ram."
Virat Kohli is human, he had to fail one day: Sourav Ganguly	"Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly has said Virat Kohli is ""human and had to fail one day"". ""He failed in both innings in Pune...In the second innings, I think the game was already over. A 441-run target was a humongous task. Kohli will come back because he is a class act. His record against Australia is unreal,"" said Ganguly."
Ratan Tata praises judicial process on Mistry plea rejection	"Ratan Tata has praised the judicial process for its ""professionalism and fairness"", after National Company Law Tribunal rejected Cyrus Mistry's plea against Tata Sons. Earlier, the NCLT dismissed a petition by Mistry that alleged mismanagement and oppression of minority shareholders at group firms. It also refused to grant waiver to Mistry firms that would've allowed them to file the petition."
Nita Ambani made member of IOC's Olympic Channel Commission	Nita Ambani has been made a member of International Olympic Committee's Olympic Channel Commission, which handles IOC's digital platform. Besides the Olympic Channel, she has also been made a member of IOC's Olympic Education Commission. In August last year, Nita became IOC's first Indian woman member after being elected at the 129th IOC Session in Rio de Janeiro.
Man throws bangles at Smriti Irani, shouts 'Vande Mataram'	"A man threw bangles at Textiles Minister Smriti Irani at a function organised to mark three years of the Modi government in Amreli, Gujarat, on Monday. Irani was addressing the gathering when the man threw the bangles while shouting ""Vande Mataram"". Irani asked the police to let off the man and said she would gift the bangles to his wife."
Ten killed as Venezuela's constitutional vote turns violent	At least 10 people, including an election candidate, were killed on Sunday in violent protests which erupted as the country voted for a new legislative body tasked with rewriting the Constitution. The country's opposition parties boycotted the vote, which they say is aimed at consolidating President Nicolas Maduro's power and is a bid to install a dictatorship.
Gujarat Congress vows to waive off farmers' loan after polls	Gujarat Congress President Bharatsinh Solanki has said that if the party is voted to power, it will waive off the loans of all the farmers in the state. This comes after BJP ruled state Uttar Pradesh waived off farmers' loans and other states including Maharashtra announced that they are considering to do the same soon.
Mumbai man posts morphed pics of woman on 2 fake FB profiles	Mumbai police have registered an FIR against an unidentified Mumbai man for allegedly uploading photos of a woman's face morphed onto a nude body to a fake Facebook profile. After the profile was blocked, the man reportedly created another and uploaded the same pictures again. The man had allegedly threatened to take revenge when the woman rejected his advances earlier.
Man in wheelchair plans skill development camp for disabled	A wheelchair-bound man Mohammad Imran Qureshi plans to organise a 45-day skill development camp for the physically disabled this month. The workshop will provide training on how to use a wheelchair to its maximum capacity at public places and on difficult terrains. Imran said he's doing this for a social cause so that government organises such workshops across the state.
Malavika Mohanan replaces Deepika in Majid Majidi's film	Theatre actor Malavika Mohanan will be playing the leading role in Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi's upcoming film 'Beyond The Clouds', which is set in India. It is said to be a story about a brother-sister relationship. Earlier, there were reports that Deepika Padukone had auditioned for the role. The film also marks the debut of Shahid Kapoor's half-brother Ishaan Khattar.
Kapil and I like Shah Rukh, Salman of TV: Krushna Abhishek	"Comedian Krushna Abhishek has said that he and Kapil Sharma are like Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan of television. ""But unlike these superstars, we're not friends. We don't talk to each other, but when we do, we respect each other,"" added Krushna Abhishek. He further said that there's no competition with Kapil and he'd like to work with him."
Mr Gay World India pageant winner to debut as singer	Bigg Boss contestant Sushant Divgikr, who won the Mr Gay World India pageant in 2014, is set to debut as a playback singer in a Marathi film titled 'Vitthal'. Sushant, who is known for his ability to sing in masculine and feminine voices, will sing in both voices for the film. 'Vitthal' will be directed by filmmaker Rajiv S Ruia.
'Lipstick Under My Burkha' hits the theatres	"'Lipstick Under My Burkha', which released on Friday, is ""worth the hype...a must watch"", wrote The Quint. Hindustan Times wrote the film is not ""an all-out-war against patriarchy"" but ""a subdued conversation starter"". Mid-Day wrote, ""It's a thoroughly entertaining film on a society at the cusp of major change"". It was rated 4.5/5 (The Quint), 4/5 (Mid-Day) and 3.5/5 (HT)."
Delhi govt launches 'merit cum means' scholarship scheme	The Delhi government on Tuesday announced a 'merit cum means' scholarship for students from low and middle-income groups studying in state universities. The scheme has three categories based on the students' family income and will provide fee waivers up to 100%. However, students will need a minimum of 60% in the class they passed to qualify for the scheme.
Sindhu appointed as Deputy Collector in Andhra government	The Andhra Pradesh government on Thursday issued orders appointing badminton star and 2016 Rio Olympics silver medallist PV Sindhu as Deputy Collector. Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu handed over the appointment letter to Sindhu, who met him at the Secretariat in Amaravati along with her parents. Notably, Sindhu had been awarded ?3 crore by the state government.
Dutt biopic not propaganda to portray him as God: Ranbir	"Ranbir Kapoor has said the upcoming biopic on Sanjay Dutt is not propaganda to portray him as God. ""We're trying to show a very human side of Sanjay Dutt, his perils, his downfall, his time in jail, terrorism charges, his drug phase...,"" he added. Ranbir further said Dutt has never been a hypocrite about his life."
Pak news of 158 Indian jawans killed in Sikkim baseless: MEA	The Ministry of External Affairs has rubbished a report about the killing of Indian soldiers in Sikkim, published by the Pakistan media. Ministry spokesperson Gopal Baglay said that the report is ?utterly baseless, malicious, and mischievous?. A Pakistani media organisation had reported that at least 158 Indian soldiers were killed on Monday after China fired along the Indian border.
SBI to shut down 47% of associate banks' offices post merger	State Bank of India, which is going to merge with its five associate banks, has decided to shut down 47% of these banks' offices, including the head offices of three of them. This process will start from April 24. Notably, the five associate banks will cease to exist as legal entities and become a part of SBI from April 1.
70 Mumbai buildings ordered to reduce height in 60 days	The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has ordered 70 buildings in Mumbai to reduce their height within 60 days. This comes after the buildings in Vile Parle, Santacruz and Ghatkopar were classified as 'obstacles' in flight paths. The DGCA initiated action after a Bombay High Court order took serious note of violations of height norms by private developers.
Branson sells 31% stake in Virgin Atlantic for ?1,800 crore	Billionaire Richard Branson has announced that he is selling 31% of Virgin Atlantic, giving up his controlling interest in the airline he founded in 1984. Branson will receive over $288 million (over ?1,800 crore) from the stake sale to Air France-KLM. He will retain a 20% stake and remain as the Chairman of the airline.
Harshvardhan slams Filmfare for naming Diljit best debutant	"Actor Harshvardhan Kapoor has expressed his displeasure over Diljit Dosanjh bagging the Best Debut trophy at the Filmfare Awards. ""I think a debutant award is meant for someone working on his first film. It shouldn't go to an actor who has worked in several films in another industry or language,"" he said. Diljit has previously worked in several Punjabi films."
Maha ATS releases video to check online radicalisation	Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) has created a video to spread awareness among parents about the dangers of online radicalisation. Warning parents that terror recruiters can target their children online, the video asks parents to be cautious when their children spend too much time on the internet and to keep a tab on their online activities.
DU girl gang raped by classmate and his friends	A 20-year-old Delhi University student has alleged that her classmate and three of his friends gang raped her after lacing her drink with sedatives on Friday. The incident was reported from Faridabad. The police have registered the case in the Lajpat Nagar police station and have also detained four accused who are being questioned by the police.
Government allows bike taxis to operate in Noida, Ghaziabad	The regional transport authority has allowed the bike taxis to operate in four Uttar Pradesh districts including Ghaziabad, Gautam Budh Nagar, Hapur and Bulandshahr. There are 17 conditions that have to be fulfilled in order to get a permit for registering a bike taxi, according to the officials. Startups like Rapido, Baxi, Ola and Uber provide bike taxis.
Bank with suspicious deposits worth ?871 crore under probe	The I-T department has detected alleged discrepancies in transactions of a Rajkot-based cooperative bank where ?871 crore were deposited, over 4,500 new accounts opened and five dozen accounts with same mobile number initiated. This is reportedly one of the biggest cases of black fund generation post demonetisation. The department has now initiated action and sought full details from the bank.
It's girl love homage: Priyanka on Katrina line in Baywatch	"Actress Priyanka Chopra has said that the 'Chal Na Katrina' line in Baywatch's Hindi-dubbed trailer is her girl love homage to Katrina Kaif. In the English trailer, the dialogue is ""Easy, Britney"". Priyanka added, ""This was my idea. Britney Spears is a huge star. I had to find a modern day icon...[and] Katrina is a major icon for Hindi cinema."""
ICC mulls scrapping Champions Trophy for an extra World T20	"The International Cricket Council's (ICC) chief executive David Richardson has revealed that Champions Trophy could be scrapped to make way for bi-annual World T20 events. ""What we want to do is differentiate our global events from each other so that they can be stand-alone and create maximum interest every time the event happens,"" Richardson said."
West Bengal bakery makes demonetisation-themed cake	A bakery in Jalpaiguri, West Bengal has made a demonetisation-themed cake, which has been put up for auction. The 64-pound cake shows people queued outside the ATM and the Reserve Bank of India. It also shows a dustbin nearby with a discarded ?1,000 note inside. Bidding for the cake is open till 7 pm on Monday.
Interpol lists 173 ISIS suicide attackers targeting Europe	Interpol has circulated a list of 173 Islamic State fighters it believes could carry out suicide attacks in Europe, in revenge for ISIS' military defeats. The list mentions suspects' identities, last likely address, mosques they prayed at, date ISIS recruited them and mothers' names. It is based on information captured during the offensive against ISIS in Iraq and Syria.
Mumbai dabbawalas celebrate ICJ order on Kulbhushan sentence	The Mumbai dabbawalas today celebrated the International Court of Justice's stay order on Pakistan court's verdict to execute former Indian Navy man Kulbhushan Jadhav over charges of spying. Celebrating the event by distributing sweets near Lower Parel station, the dabbawalas also urged the Indian government to get Jadhav back from Pakistan as early as possible.
ATC mixed an aircraft's location with another: AAI	The Air Traffic Controller (ATC) mixed the location of one plane with that of another that had nearly led to a collision between an IndiGo and a SpiceJet aircraft at Delhi Airport on Tuesday, according to the Airports Authority of India. The two aircraft had reportedly come face-to-face with barely 40 metres between them on the same taxiway.
Google X agrees to work on internet access in Andhra Pradesh	Google's experimental research and development unit Google X has reportedly agreed to work with the Andhra Pradesh government to better internet penetration and connectivity in the state. This comes after Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu visited the Google X facility in US that has developed Google's driverless cars and smart glasses besides using balloons for spreading internet.
India should lower tariffs on Harley-Davidson motorbikes: US	"White House National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro has said if India lowers the tariffs imposed on Harley-Davidson motorcycles, it could result in more foreign investments in the country. ""If India agrees to lower its tariffs on Harley-Davidson motorcycles, Indian consumers will buy more Harleys and save less, while Harley will sell more...and invest more,"" he stated."
Dravid to be India's batting consultant for overseas tours	Former captain Rahul Dravid has been appointed India's batting consultant for overseas tours, BCCI announced on Tuesday. Dravid would take up the role alongside his current position of coach of India 'A' and U-19 teams, for which he was recently given a two-year extension. Dravid has been appointed alongside Ravi Shastri as head coach and Zaheer Khan as bowling coach.
Peruvian immigrants set on fire in Chile	Two Peruvian brothers were reportedly set on fire by fishermen in Chile in an attack that was reportedly triggered by competition between seaweed collectors. The attack comes amid an increase in racial discrimination in Chile against immigrants who arrive mainly from other Latin American and Caribbean countries. The victims suffered second and third-degree burns over half their bodies.
Crocodiles halt Goa bridge collapse rescue operations	"The search and rescue operations launched after a bridge collapsed in South Goa on Thursday night have been halted by the presence of crocodiles in the river. ""An aerial inspection is being done. Till now close to 15 people are missing,"" South Goa collector Swapnil Naik said. Notably, two dead bodies have been recovered so far."
Mid-air backheel assist sets up Ronaldo's long-range goal	Portugal national team captain Cristiano Ronaldo scored with a left-footed long-range effort after his teammate Andre Silva provided a mid-air backheel assist on an aerial long ball, in Portugal's 3-0 friendly win over Hungary on Sunday. The 32-year-old also scored a freekick from the side of the penalty box, claiming his 70th career goal for Portugal.
Indian players called us over Champions Trophy doubt: CoA	The members of the Supreme Court-appointed BCCI's Committee of Administrators (CoA) have claimed that members of the Indian cricket team called them up to ask about the uncertainty surrounding India's participation in the upcoming ICC Champions Trophy. India, the defending champions of the tournament, have missed the squad announcement deadline for the tournament.
Over 70 roads being built along India-China border	Union Minister Kiren Rijiju on Tuesday said the government has undertaken construction of 73 roads of 'operational significance' along Indo-China border. Out of the 73 roads, 46 are being constructed by the Defence Ministry and 27 by the Home Ministry. This comes while India and China are engaged in a standoff after China attempted to construct a road in Doklam.
Malaika slams user who trolled her for 'divorcing rich man'	"Malaika Arora slammed an Instagram user who trolled her for ""divorcing a rich man"" and ""having fun with the alimony"". ""Her life now is all about wearing short clothes, going to gym or salon, enjoying vacation[s],"" the user commented. Malaika responded, ""You certainly got to get your damn facts right before spewing sh*t on me...when you know nothing about me."""
Lupin loses ?3,300 crore from valuation in two days	Pharmaceutical major Lupin has lost ?3,315 crore from its market valuation in just two days. Lupin shares plunged by 3% during intraday trade on Wednesday after US health regulators issued observations for its plant. The observations were made in Form 483, which are made when investigators feel practices are such that products may become adulterated or render injuries to health.
Had no ego issue carrying drinks in Champions Trophy: Rahane	"Ajinkya Rahane, who did not play a single Champions Trophy match, has said he had no ego issues carrying drinks for the team. ""If I'm the vice-captain in Tests, it doesn't mean I will not be performing my duties as a 12th man in ODIs. When you're representing your country, you are supposed to do whatever you're assigned,"" said Rahane."
Mayweather, McGregor come face to face for the 1st time	"Ahead of their boxing match, Floyd Mayweather and UFC Champion Conor McGregor came face to face publicly for the first time on Tuesday. Addressing the crowd, McGregor said, ""I'm going to knock him out inside of four rounds."" Later, Mayweather pointed out McGregor's three career losses by tapping out, saying, ""We know Mr Tapout like to quit and you will."""
What becomes cheaper after Union Budget 2017?	Finance Minister Arun Jaitley while presenting Union Budget 2017 said the Service Tax regime is largely unchanged as it will be replaced by GST soon. However, items like railway e-tickets, micro-ATMs and fingerprint readers will become cheaper on government's digital payments push. Solar tempered glass used in solar panels and Liquefied Natural Gas will also become cheaper.
Panama Papers: Pak SC orders probe against PM Nawaz Sharif	The Supreme Court of Pakistan on Thursday ordered the creation of a Joint Investigation Team to investigate charges against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and his family members in the Panama Papers case. The Panama Papers had revealed that Sharif's daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies and used them to buy properties in London.
Nothing wrong in not reciting Vande Mataram: Athawale	Union Minister Ramdas Athawale has said that there was nothing wrong if one didn?t recite the national song ?Vande Mataram.? Athawale added that the issue of the national song was being brought out to cause feud among communities. The Madras High Court recently made singing ?Vande Mataram? compulsory once a week in government schools, colleges and universities in Tamil Nadu.
Makeshift 'illegal' shops demolished by Noida authority	Noida authority officials on Monday demolished around thirty makeshift shops near Sector 78 after residents demanded for removal of 'illegal encroachments'. This comes after over 300 protestors, mostly domestic helps, gathered outside a housing complex last week, alleging that one of its residents had assaulted a domestic help. Noida authority has however claimed that it was a routine demolition.
Respect Pakistan's sovereignty: China tells US	China on Thursday asked the US to respect its ally Pakistan's sovereignty following reports that US President Donald Trump is planning to expand drone strikes to Pakistan in a crackdown on terrorism in the region. Praising Pakistan for firmly opposing terrorism, China said that peace, stability, and economic development in Pakistan serves the interest of south Asian countries.
Salman to fight wolves for scene in Tiger Zinda Hai: Reports	As per reports, actor Salman Khan will fight a pack of wolves for an action scene in his upcoming film 'Tiger Zinda Hai', the sequel to 2012 film 'Ek Tha Tiger'. According to sources, producer Aditya Chopra wants action sequences in the film to be at par with international standards. The scene will reportedly be shot in Austria.
Join work or face action: Bombay HC to protesting doctors	The Bombay High Court on Tuesday slammed over 4,500 resident doctors in Maharashtra who had gone on mass leave since March 20 and asked them to join work or face action by the management. The HC was hearing a PIL filed against the strike wherein the advocate representing the petitioners claimed 58 people have died in Maharashtra since Monday.
HC rejects Dileep's bail plea in actress abduction case	The Kerala High Court has rejected the bail plea of actor Dileep, who was arrested two weeks ago in connection with the abduction and assault on a Malayalam actress. The court noted that Dileep's release at this point would affect the ongoing investigation. The police suspect Dileep of paying men to abduct and assault the actress.
Japanese tennis player gets life ban for match fixing	Japanese tennis player Junn Mitsuhashi has been banned from tennis for life after being found guilty of match fixing. The 27-year-old, who was also fined ?32 lakh ($50,000), had asked players to underperform at international tournaments in South Africa and Nigeria in 2015. Mitsuhashi had also broken gambling rules by placing 76 bets on matches between October and November 2015.
4 Chinese held for using fake tickets to enter Delhi airport	Four Chinese nationals were arrested on Friday at Delhi Airport for trying to spend time with a friend flying to Hong Kong by allegedly using fake e-tickets to enter the terminal area. The police said out of the four, two had valid air tickets to travel, which they cancelled at last moment, while the remaining had allegedly faked their tickets.
3,000-year-old copper mask found in Argentina	Scientists have discovered a 3,000-year-old copper mask at an ancient human burial site with 14 bodies in Argentina, making it one of the oldest human-made metal object from South America. Scientists also found a copper ore source within 70 km suggesting prevalence local metallurgy in the area at the same time as Peru, where it was previously thought to emerge.
Pakistan Cricket Board seeks ?447 cr compensation from BCCI	The Pakistan Cricket Board has demanded a compensation of ?447 crore from the BCCI for dishonouring the MoU signed between the two countries. The MoU stated that India and Pakistan would play six series between 2014-2023. PCB recently sent a legal notice to BCCI, claiming it suffered losses of $69,576,405 (?447 crore) following India's refusal to play against Pakistan.
Indian Army kills 5 Pakistani soldiers in retaliatory firing	The Indian Army on Thursday said its troops killed five Pakistani soldiers in retaliatory firing along the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir. This comes after an Indian civilian was reportedly killed and a BSF soldier was injured in ceasefire violations earlier in the day. Meanwhile, Pakistan summoned the Indian Deputy High Commissioner alleging that India killed Pakistani civilians.
Government assessing how to bring Vijay Mallya back	"The government is assessing how to bring liquor baron Vijay Mallya back to India and start judicial proceedings against him, Union Minister Santosh Gangwar said. The government will ""leave no stone unturned"" to bring to justice anyone indulging in financial irregularities, he stated. Mallya, who was arrested in London on Tuesday, was granted bail within three hours of his arrest."
Indian-origin man shot dead at departmental store in Atlanta	Sameer Patel, an Indian-origin man working in a departmental store in Atlanta, USA, was shot dead by unidentified men on Tuesday. The gunmen, after killing Patel, stole the cash box and fled from the spot. The entire incident has been recorded on CCTV cameras and the footage has been sent to Patel's family, who are natives of Gujarat's Patan district.
Maha spent ?8 cr from Contingency Fund for PM's programmes	"The Maharashtra government had spent ?8 crore from Contingency Fund to meet publicity expenses of PM Narendra Modi's programmes organised to inaugurate various projects. Notably, Contingency Fund is a reserve of money kept for unforeseen future expenses. The PWD stated that the amount was withdrawn from Contingency Fund since the expenditure was of an ""urgent nature""."
AIIMS emergency closed for 1st time as nurses go on strike	For the first time in the history of AIIMS, its emergency and OT services were closed on Friday as around 5,000 nurses went on mass casual leave demanding higher pay. While around 90 surgeries were postponed, several patients were forced to visit other hospitals. The nurses have also threatened to go on an indefinite strike from March 27.
1100 water vending machines to be installed at rail stations	The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation plans to install 1,100 water vending machines at 450 railway stations in 2017-18. A 300 ml glass of water from these machines will cost ?1, while a litre will cost ?5 and two litres will cost ?8. This is aimed at ensuring availability of clean drinking water at low cost at the stations.
Veteran actor Vinod Khanna passes away at 70	Veteran actor Vinod Khanna, who was reportedly suffering from cancer, passed away today in Mumbai at the age of 70. Khanna was also the sitting Member of Parliament from Gurdaspur for the Bharatiya Janata Party. The actor, who appeared in films including 'Amar Akbar Anthony' and 'The Burning Train', is also a recipient of the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award.
England to allow gay men to give blood 3 months after sex	Gay men in England will be allowed to donate blood three months after having sex instead of a year, under equalities reforms announced by the government. The reforms will come into force in early 2018. Notably, a lifetime ban had been imposed on gay and bisexual men donating blood across the UK during the 1980s AIDS crisis.
Sand artist creates 1,000 Santa Claus sculptures in Odisha	Sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik created 1,000 Santa Claus sculptures at the Puri beach in Odisha on Christmas eve. The installation was constructed with the help of 35 students and about 1,000 tons of sand in four days. With the sand art, Sudarsan broke his 2012 Limca Book record of 500 sand Santa Claus sculptures.
Ghosh wins both singles and doubles titles at Chile Open	Indian table tennis player Soumyajit Ghosh became the third Indian to win a men's singles title at an ITTF Challenge Series at the Chile Open on Monday. The tournament's top seed, Ghosh, defeated compatriot Anthony Amalraj 4-2 (8-11, 13-11, 11-6, 11-9, 4-11, 11-7) in the men's singles final before partnering with him to clinch the Chile Open doubles title.
Delhi Metro's upcoming stations to get art panels	Life-size artworks, glossy walls, and a unique honeycomb design for ventilation will be featured at stations of Delhi Metro?s upcoming new corridors Pink Line and Magenta Line. The stations at these corridors will have interiors covered in artworks that are a combination of paintings and photographs. The first such artwork was installed at the Bhikaji Cama Place station this week.
Lampard announces retirement from professional football	Chelsea and England legend Frank Lampard ended his 21-year professional football career after announcing his retirement on Thursday. The 38-year-old, who scored a club-record 211 goals for Chelsea, won a Champions League title alongside winning three Premier League titles with the Blues. The midfielder won 106 caps for England and scored over 300 goals in his career.
Ilmi files FIR against AAP supporters over obscene remarks	"BJP leader Shazia Ilmi has filed an FIR against several AAP supporters who allegedly posted obscene remarks against her on social media. Ilmi, who had earlier approached the cyber cell to complain about online trolls, claimed that she was being targeted because of the forthcoming Delhi civic polls. ""I want to know who these men are,"" she said."
Sasikala sacks AIADMK Presidium Chairman for backing OPS	AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala on Friday removed party's Presidium Chairman E Madhusudhanan for supporting Tamil Nadu Interim CM O Panneerselvam. She has appointed KA Sengottaiyan as the new Presidium Chairman. Madhusudhanan had earlier alleged that every member of Sasikala's extended family is in control of the party, adding he always opposed the family rule of the DMK.
Railways, Maha to form joint venture to fast-track projects	Indian Railways is set to form a joint venture with Maharashtra government to fast-track 20 rail projects in the state, according to reports. The venture would include projects like new suburban corridors between Panvel and Karjat, and quadrupling of Virar-Dahanu road. Reportedly, Railways in collaboration with the state government will spend ?55,000 crore to upgrade the railway network in Mumbai.
Filmmaker's plea to end 40-year-old rape case rejected	A plea by Oscar-winning filmmaker Roman Polanski, to end his 40-year-old rape case, has been rejected. Polanski's lawyers said he was willing to return to the US if he was assured he would not serve more time in jail. The director fled the US in 1978 after pleading guilty to raping a 13-year-old girl.
Will not accept modifications in Indus Waters Treaty: Pak	"Pakistan on Saturday in a statement said it will not accept any modifications or changes to the provisions of the Indus Waters Treaty signed between India and Pakistan in 1960. Special Assistant to PM Nawaz Sharif, Tariq Fatemi, said, ""Our position is based on the principles enshrined in the treaty. And the treaty must be honoured in letter and spirit."""
How PM Modi is related with India-Israel ties since birth	Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares a connection with the ties between India and Israel due to a date acting as a coincidence. India had officially recognised Israel as a nation on 17 September 1950, allowing the latter to open its consulate in Mumbai. Coincidentally, it was also on the same date that PM Narendra Modi was born in Gujarat's Vadnagar.
Germany rules Muslim girls must take part in swimming class	"Germany's Constitutional Court on Wednesday ruled that ultra-conservative Muslim girls must take part in mixed swimming classes at school after a student argued it breached Islamic dress codes. The court said there were ""no binding rules in Islam"" to define appropriate clothing. This comes while Germany has been trying to assimilate over 10 lakh migrants, mostly Muslims, into its society."
Even Kapil misbehaved on flight but no ban on him: Sena MP	"Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul has compared Ravindra Gaikwad thrashing an Air India employee with an in-flight incident involving TV show host Kapil Sharma. ""Even Kapil Sharma misbehaved on the flight after getting drunk, but no ban imposed on him,"" Adsul said. Notably, some airlines decided to ban Gaikwad from flying after he hit an Air India staffer with slippers."
India probably worst place to do business in: Cellular body	Indian Cellular Association President Pankaj Mohindroo on Wednesday said that India is probably the worst country to do business in. He criticised India's business climate saying cumbersome processes have emerged out of distrust between tax officials and customs authorities. He further said that lack of ease of doing business is very upsetting to the industry.
Pak pilot asks crew to leave cockpit, invites Chinese woman	A Pakistan International Airlines' pilot, on a flight to Beijing, forced out his crew members from the cockpit to spend time with a Chinese female passenger there. The woman reportedly stayed inside the cockpit for over two hours, coming out only after the plane landed. According to the rules, nobody except the crew can be allowed to enter the cockpit.
Sreesanth files petition in Kerala HC against life ban	Pacer S Sreesanth has filed a petition in the Kerala High Court to revoke the life ban imposed on him by BCCI for the 2013 IPL spot-fixing scandal. BCCI is yet to lift the ban, despite a Delhi court giving him a clean chit in 2015. Recently, he was denied an NOC by BCCI to play in Scotland and Kerala.
Doubt if all are happy with national anthem verdict: Owaisi	"All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) Chief Asaduddin Owaisi has said that he does not know how many people are happy with the Supreme Court's order on playing the national anthem at movie theatres. Further, talking about beef ban, Owaisi said, ""I would love to eat it, if its halal... to hell with them (state and central government)."""
Delhi Metro may become largest metro system outside China	The completion of Delhi Metro's Phase IV, which was cleared recently by the government, is likely to make it the second-largest metro system and the largest outside China, reports said. Delhi Metro, which is currently the 11th largest, is estimated to carry about 70 lakh people regularly after completion. The Phase IV will add over 100-km to Delhi Metro network.
Stop endorsing donkeys of Gujarat: Akhilesh Yadav to Amitabh	Referring to a Gujarat Tourism advertisement of a Wild Ass Sanctuary in the state, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday asked the 'century's biggest superstar' to stop endorsing the 'donkeys of Gujarat'. The advertisement promotes the Indian Wild Ass Sanctuary situated in Gujarat's Little Rann of Kutch, one of the largest wildlife sanctuaries in India.
Sunny tweets pic from sets of his son Karan's debut film	"Sunny Deol has tweeted a picture of himself from the sets of his son Karan Deol's debut film Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas in Manali. Sunny captioned the picture, ""Work Mode!"" as he is directing the film. Karan's debut film is being produced by the Deol family's production house Vijayta Films, which also launched his father in 'Betaab' in 1983."
Hrithik, Yami's 'Kaabil' earns ?10.43 crore on opening day	The Hrithik Roshan and Yami Gautam starrer 'Kaabil', which released on Wednesday, has earned ?10.43 crore on its opening day. Directed by Sanjay Gupta, the film is a revenge drama, where Hrithik and Yami star as a visually impaired couple. 'Kaabil' is reportedly inspired by the 1989 film 'Blind Fury' and the 2014 Korean movie 'Broken'.
Russia seeks India's EVM technology for 2018 polls: Report	While the Opposition in India has raised doubts over the reliability of EVMs, Russia has sought India's EVM technology for 2018 presidential elections, a report has claimed. During the Uttarakhand Assembly polls, Deputy Chairman of the Russian Election Commission, Nikolai Levichev, had visited the state to closely monitor the functioning of EVMs and the electioneering process.
Delhi on high alert over reports of possible terror attacks	"The Delhi Police has put security agencies on high alert after receiving inputs of possible terror attacks in the city. Agencies have been directed to take appropriate security measures at metro stations, airports, railway stations, five-star hotels, religious places and embassies. The police said, ""We have received inputs on June 10 that militants could target such places in large scale."""
Triple H invites Conor McGregor, Floyd Mayweather to WWE	"Former WWE wrestler and current COO Triple H has invited Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor to WWE, saying there are ""plenty of microphones at Monday night Raw"". At their first face-off, McGregor wore a suit with ""f**k you"" stripes and said, ""He's in a fu**ing tracksuit...He can't even afford a suit anymore."" Mayweather then took out a $100 million cheque."
Pic shows Ranveer with Sachin Tendulkar's daughter Sara	"A picture showing actor Ranveer Singh and former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar's daughter Sara Tendulkar has surfaced online. Earlier, Ranveer was also spotted with Sachin to promote the latter's app. Sachin in 2015 had clarified rumours of his daughter joining films while tweeting, ""My daughter Sara is enjoying her academic pursuits. Annoyed at all the baseless speculation about her joining films."""
Govt must be fined for allowing Art of Living fest: Sri Sri	"Art of Living founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Tuesday said the Centre, Delhi government, and the National Green Tribunal should be fined for allowing his foundation to organise the World Culture Festival on Yamuna floodplains in March 2016. ""If the Yamuna was so fragile... they should have stopped the World Culture Festival,"" Sri Sri added."
BJP may win 202-220 seats in MCD polls: Exit Poll	"An exit poll conducted by India Today-Axis My India has predicted 202-220 seats for BJP in the 272-ward MCD. The BJP is in power in MCD for the past ten years. The exit poll has further predicted 23-35 seats for AAP and 19-31 seats for Congress. ""Exit poll results are according to our expectations,"" said Delhi BJP President Manoj Tiwari."
PM pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on 69th death anniversary	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of the Nation, on his 69th death anniversary. Modi took to Twitter and said, ""Tributes to beloved Bapu on his 'Punya Tithi' (death anniversary)."" Notably, Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated by Nathuram Godse on January 30, 1948, during a prayer meeting at Delhi's Birla House."
Daman & Diu revokes mandatory Rakshabandhan in offices order	The Administration of Union Territory Daman and Diu has revoked its order that made it compulsory for women to tie rakhis to their male colleagues on the occasion of Rakshabandhan on August 7. The administration was forced to withdraw the decision within 24 hours of issuing the circular after it received flak from employees and was slammed on social media.
Speeding major cause of accidents in Gurugram: Police	An analysis by the Gurugram Police revealed that speeding, driving in the wrong lane, and pedestrians suddenly crossing the road are the three major causes of road accidents in Gurugram. Around 70 of the 199 accidents analysed were caused due to speeding. The data also revealed that 572 accidents with 213 casualties have happened so far this year.
Bill for mandatory teaching of Gita tabled in Parliament	A Private Member's Bill has been introduced in the Lok Sabha to make the teaching of Bhagvad Gita compulsory in all educational institutions. The bill was moved by BJP member Ramesh Bidhuri. This was among the 103 Private Member's Bills tabled in the Lok Sabha on Friday. One of the bills sought to prohibit spitting and urinating around public places.
Rishi slams Jagga Jasoos director Anurag for delaying film	"Rishi Kapoor slammed director Anurag Basu for delaying 'Jagga Jasoos', and said the film was in post-production even two days before release. ""You may be...biggest director in the world but nobody would like to work with you...you're irresponsible,"" added Rishi. He further said that in the entire process, he and Ranbir, who's the film's co-producer, are getting a bad name. nn"
Free WiFi being used to watch porn at Mumbai rail stations	After 19 Mumbai suburban railway stations were equipped with free WiFi earlier this month, the authorities said they were receiving complaints of non-commuters and miscreants using the facility to watch porn. Reportedly, officials now plan to urge the service providing agency, RailTel, to shut the WiFi post-midnight or after the departure of the last train from the stations.
Dalai Lama reaches Arunachal amid Chinese opposition	Despite protests by China, Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama on Tuesday arrived in Arunachal Pradesh and was greeted by chanting of prayers, music, and religious flags. The Nobel Laureate will reach Tawang on April 8 for a three-day stay. The visit is opposed by China which considers Arunachal Pradesh to be a part of southernmost Tibet.
Varun's pants tear while dancing with contestant on TV show	Actor Varun Dhawan's pants got torn while he was dancing with a contestant on the sets of television reality show 'Indian Idol'. Host Karan Wahi hauled Varun over his shoulders and carried him off the stage after the wardrobe malfunction. After changing, Varun came back on stage with the torn pant dangling on his neck and also tried auctioning them.
44 fake accounts with ?100 crore found in Axis Bank branch	Income Tax officials have allegedly discovered 44 fake bank accounts in raids conducted on an Axis Bank's branch in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi. The fake accounts were created using forged documents and demonetised currency worth ?100 crore was deposited in them since PM Narendra Modi's demonetisation announcement. This is the fourth instance of fraudulent activity involving Axis Bank.
Woman kills sister for showing interest in her boyfriend	The Delhi police arrested a 21-year-old woman, Shazia, on Monday for allegedly killing her sister  because of the latter's growing interest in the accused's boyfriend. The accused initially tried to mislead by saying that her sister was killed by her stalker, police said. Shazia had allegedly killed her sister using a country-made pistol, which reportedly belonged to the accused's boyfriend.
Jio controls 94% data traffic share in India: Credit Suisse	"Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio has acquired 94% of the data traffic share in India, according to financial services major Credit Suisse's report. However, Jio does not fare well when it comes to speed, while Airtel offers the best 4G speed. ""We suspect Jio?s speeds are impacted by the high load on the network in the free offer period,"" it added."
Woman kidnapped in Gurugram, gangraped in car till Noida	A 35-year-old woman was allegedly kidnapped and gangraped by three men in a moving car for three hours on Monday night, the police said. The woman was kidnapped in Sohna, Gurugram, where the accused repeatedly raped her before driving to Greater Noida and throwing her out of the car. She was found near a hospital, while the accused are absconding.
In a very happy space right now: Sagarika on dating Zaheer	Actress Sagarika Ghatge, commenting on rumours of dating former Indian cricketer Zaheer Khan, said that she's in a very happy space right now. The couple made their first public appearance together at cricketer Yuvraj Singh and actress Hazel Keech's wedding in December 2016. Sagarika, who made her Bollywood debut with 2007 film 'Chak de! India', will feature next in 'Irada'.nnn
Never knew I was born for music, mother predicted it: Rahman	"Musician AR Rahman has said that he never knew that he was born for music and it was his mother who made the choice as she predicted he would become a music composer. Talking about his Academy Award wins, Rahman added, ""It took 81 years for an Asian to win an Oscar in sound. For me, it took fourteen years."""
UP Police orders to constitute anti-Romeo squad in Lucknow	"The Uttar Pradesh Police on Tuesday issued orders to constitute anti-Romeo squad in 11 districts of the Lucknow zone to prevent eve-teasing. As per reports, some men were arrested in Lucknow and boys standing outside girls' schools and colleges were hauled up in Meerut and questioned. ""Action under Goonda Act will be taken against wrongdoers,"" said the police."
Big B pens blogpost after demise of Aishwarya Rai's father	"Actor Amitabh Bachchan wrote a post on his blog titled 'Death...the inevitable end', following the demise of daughter-in-law Aishwarya Rai's father Krishnaraj Rai on Saturday. ""That call you wait anxiously knowing that it will come, and come it does to end all other calls...glimpses of reactions in the mind, of the lost one...,"" read a part of Bachchan's post."
It's nothing, say cops on youth forced to eat shit	"A youth in Madhya Pradesh's Shivpuri district was allegedly forced to eat shit after being accused of harassing a girl. He was also beaten up by the girl's family. ""Police said forcing to eat excreta is nothing, it is done just to insult someone,"" he said. The police said both the families tried resolving the issue, but later registered cases."
Malaika Arora endorses designer Satya Paul's new collection	"Actress Malaika Arora has been appointed the ambassador of Indian fashion designer Satya Paul's Spring/ Summer 2017 sari collection. The collection, named 'Bohemian Rhapsody', celebrates the vibrant expressions of street art and the streets it is seen on. ""A sari is one of the most elegant and feminine garments. I think it flatters the female form beautifully,"" said Malaika."
Sheena Bora murder accused demands laptop, dry fruit in jail	Sheena Bora murder accused Peter Mukerjea has sought the court's permission to use a laptop without internet connection for four hours daily or an electronic typewriter to pen down his book. Mukerjea has also sought permission to eat dry fruits and other readymade food items for munching on Tuesdays and Saturdays, when he keeps fast.
Complaint against Baahubali 2 director for casteist dialogue	"Members of a group called the Arekatika Porata Samithi have filed a complaint with the Hyderabad police against Baahubali 2 director SS Rajamouli. The complaint was filed over a dialogue that allegedly hurt the sentiments of the Katika community. The group claims that the dialogue ""Katika cheekati"", is a 'caste slur' and was 'humiliating their community name'."
EC storing voting machines at Asia's biggest potato market	The stalls at Asia's biggest wholesale market of potatoes in Uttar Pradesh's Farrukhabad have been taken over by the Election Commission of India to store Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs). The EVMs will be kept in the shops inside the 'mandi', and the area has been cordoned off till March 11 with CISF deployed to guard them.
What Guj achieved in 5yrs, we will do in a year: TN Minister	"Claiming that Tamil Nadu is pro-entrepreneurship, the state's Education Minister K Pandiarajan said, ""We will achieve this year itself what Gujarat did in five years - bringing ?5 lakh crore of foreign investment."" Pandiarajan further said, ""We are as good in business as any other states in the country. We need to rebrand and reposition ourselves."""
Delhi Assembly directs AAP govt to probe MCDs' finances	The Delhi Assembly on Tuesday passed a resolution directing the AAP government to probe alleged mismanagement of finances in the Municipal Corporations of Delhi (MCDs). AAP MLA Saurabh Bharadwaj has claimed that MCDs have failed to pay the salaries of their employees despite receiving funds from the Delhi government. He also accused them of refusing an audit.
UP launches free power connection schemes for BPL families	Uttar Pradesh Power Minister Shrikant Sharma on Sunday launched free power connection schemes for BPL families at 624 places across the state. Sharma said that the scheme would also benefit those without BPL cards at present by charging ?80-?120 from them to provide the power connection. The scheme would provide relief to middle-class families with instalment payment facility, he added.
4 Delhi Univ students arrested for robbing delivery boy	Four students of Delhi University have been arrested for allegedly robbing a delivery boy of a phone in northwest Delhi, police said on Friday. When the victim reached at the mentioned address to deliver a phone worth ?26,000, he was taken to an abandoned plot and the accused allegedly snatched the packets he was carrying for delivery.
Polish man killed by 'superman punch' from teen, court hears	"A Polish man was killed after a teenage boy hit him with a ""superman punch"" that caused him to fall and hit his head on the ground, a court has heard. The accused reportedly punched the deceased for mocking his English accent. The victim was knocked unconscious and later died in hospital from head injuries."
Caste-based reservation should end: RSS	"RSS leader Manmohan Vaidya on Friday said that the caste-based reservation should end at some point. ""Ambedkar said that such a reservation policy is not good for any country if it continues perpetually,"" he added. However, RSS leader Dattatreya Hosabale clarified Vaidya's remark, stating he meant till there is discrimination against certain population groups, caste-based quota should continue."
We haven't finalised the script of Manmohan biopic yet: Kher	"Actor Anupam Kher has said that the script of the upcoming biopic on former PM Manmohan Singh hasn't been finalised yet. Speaking about the film's poster, he said, ""The makers wanted to announce the film, so we just worked on that. The shooting is in late December."" Directed by Vijay Ratnakar Gutte, the film will be written by Hansal Mehta."
Won't be able to write about my life in a book: Salman Khan	"Actor Salman Khan has said that he would never be able to write about his life in an autobiography. He added, ""I think it's the bravest thing for anyone to write their autobiography."" Salman said this at the book launch of veteran actress Asha Parekh's autobiography titled 'The Hit Girl!'"
Energy Cafe comes up at Bihar Electricity Board headquarters	A new cafe called Energy Cafe has been inaugurated at Vidyut Bhawan, headquarters of the Bihar State Electricity Board, in Patna. It has been furnished with junk and scrap materials, including oil drums, connection transformers and an old Ambassador car that now serves as a sofa. It will soon be open to electricity department staffs, IT supervisor Mahfooz Hashmi said.
China to reduce Army to under 10L in biggest-ever troop cut	China will downsize its 23 lakh-strong Army, the world's largest, to under 10 lakh in the biggest troop reduction in its history. This comes as part of a restructuring process for strategic goals and security requirements, according to reports. However, China will increase the number of personnel in other services including navy and missile forces, reports added.
UP CM Adityanath drops 'Samajwadi' name from govt schemes	Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath has decided to drop the word 'Samajwadi' from all government schemes and replace it with 'Mukhyamantri'. The former SP regime had implemented a number of projects with the word 'Samajwadi', including pension and smartphone schemes. Last week, the word 'Samajwadi' was dropped from the state's ambulance service, after a directive by the State Health Minister.
Man tries to kiss cobra for photo, dies after being bitten	Navi Mumbai-based snake rescuer Somnath Mhatre died after being bitten by a cobra while trying to kiss it for a photograph. After rescuing the reptile, Mhatre was trying to kiss its head when the cobra bit him on the chest. Mhatre is reportedly the 31st person to die in such a manner in the last 12 months.
Deleted nude clip of Kannada actress from film leaked online	"A deleted nude scene from the film Dandupalya 2, which shows Kannada actress Sanjjanaa Galrani being physically abused by jail authorities, has been leaked online. The scene was reportedly deleted following objections by the regional censor board. Sanjjanaa said, ""We are figuring out who is behind the leak and will give a complete clarification once director Srinivasa Raju...returns."""
Swiss town sealed off after chainsaw attacker injures five	Swiss town of Schaffhausen was sealed off on Monday after a chainsaw attacker stormed an office building, injuring five people in a violent attack, according to reports. Confirming the identity of the assailant, police have launched a search operation to capture him. However, the incident is not being treated as a terrorist activity.
24 kanwarias, 6 security personnel injured in stone pelting	As many as 24 kanwarias, 6 ITBP and Police personnel were recently injured in stone pelting by a mob during the 'Kanwar Yatra' in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh. It is alleged that the attack happened after the yatris played loud music while passing through a Muslim-dominated locality. The police had to resort to a lathi charge to disperse the crowd.
Chhattisgarh to start ambulance service for cows	Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh on Sunday announced that ambulance service for cows will be started in 10 districts of the state over the next few months. He also urged people to support organic farming and biogas in order to promote a cow-based economy. Earlier this year, Singh had said that anyone found killing cows in Chhattisgarh will be hanged.
Sasikala gets 4-year jail in disproportionate assets case	The Supreme Court on Tuesday sentenced AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala to four years imprisonment in the disproportionate assets case. With this, she stands disqualified to take over as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu and also she can't contest any election for a period of 10 years. Notably, the apex court has asked her to surrender immediately.
July 1 to be observed as GST Day: CBEC	The Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) on Friday announced that July 1 will be known as ?GST Day?. It will be celebrated in all offices of CBEC just like in case of Central Excise Day and International Customs Day, the board said. This comes ahead of the launch of GST, which is scheduled for July 1.
Odia actor Minaketan Das passes away aged 56	Actor Minaketan Das, known for his roles in Odia films and television series, passed away aged 56 after prolonged illness due to pancreatic cancer. He was undergoing treatment at a Mumbai hospital. Known for playing negative roles, 'Balunga Toka', 'Jianta Bhuta' and 'Most Wanted' were among Minaketan's popular films.
Kangana Ranaut has directed a short English film	Kangana Ranaut directed a short English film titled 'The Touch' in 2011, which revolves around the life of a young boy who has a 'healing touch' in his hands. Kangana, who turned 30 on Thursday, made her Bollywood debut with the 2006 film 'Gangster'. She also won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut for her role in the movie.
US to suspend covert CIA program in Syria: Reports	"US President Donald Trump has reportedly decided to stop the CIA's covert program in Syria to train rebel groups fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The program that began in 2013 produced little success and is ""a signal to Putin that the (Trump) administration wants to improve ties to Russia?, officials said. Russia has supported Assad's government against fighting Islamist extremists."
Writer Manto's 105th birth anniversary being observed today	Indo-Pakistani writer and playwright Saadat Hasan Manto was born on May 11, 1912 and Thursday marked the late author's 105th birth anniversary. Considered to be one of the greatest writers of short stories in South Asian history, Manto's works mostly revolve around the Indo-Pakistan partition. 'Toba Tek Singh', 'Thanda Gosht', 'Khol Do' and 'Kaali Shalwar' are among his works.
60-yr-old lynched over rumours she was cutting people's hair	"A 60-year old Dalit woman was allegedly lynched in Agra after villagers thought that she was behind the recent cases of chopping hair of sleeping women. The family members of the woman who left home around 4 am on Wednesday said, ""She pleaded that she had lost her way but they took her as one responsible for chopping women hair."""
Hundreds evacuated, 600 acres burnt after wildfire in US	A wildfire on Sunday broke out in the US state of Oklahoma, burning around 600 acres of land and forcing the evacuation of hundreds of people in nearby areas and parts of the adjoining state of Texas. With no injuries reported, the state is under a national fire advisory through February 14 because of high risks for wildfires.
PM Modi expresses support for CM Nitish after resignation	"Expressing support for Bihar CM Nitish Kumar after his resignation, PM Narendra Modi tweeted, ""Congratulations to Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption."" He further added that the 125 crore citizens of the country welcome and support his honesty. Kumar had submitted his resignation to Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi citing a crisis in the ruling Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance."
Emotional connect with Infosys will never go away: Ex-CEO	"Kris Gopalakrishnan, Co-founder and former Infosys CEO, said even though he is no longer professionally engaged with the company, the emotional connect will never go away. ""Infosys' best interest will always be in my mind,"" he said. ""You cannot emotionally walk away from something...you have built over your lifetime, or most of your lifetime...33 or 35 years,"" he added."
Resume work or lose 6 months' salary: Govt to Maha doctors	Maharashtra Minister Girish Mahajan has asked protesting doctors to resume work by Wednesday or risk losing six months' worth of salary. The minister further promised to increase security guards in all government hospitals to provide security to doctors. Notably, over 4,000 resident doctors across Maharashtra have been on a mass leave protesting against dangerous working conditions.
Rana Daggubati signs his first international project	Actor Rana Daggubati has confirmed that he has signed his first international project with The London Digital Movie & TV Studios. He has also been appointed the Asian Brand Ambassador of the studio. The details of the rest of the cast and crew will be revealed in September and the project will begin in 2018.
PDP leader Abdul Gani shot dead in J&K's Pulwama	Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leader Abdul Gani Dar was shot at on Monday by suspected terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir's Pulwama district while travelling in a car, following which he succumbed to injuries. The Pulwama district president was first admitted to a local hospital but later shifted to a hospital in Srinagar as his condition deteriorated.
Man returns bag containing blank cheques worth ?20 lakh	Dinabandhu Mahalder from West Bengal returned an abandoned bag full of blank cheques worth ?20 lakh from a local train. After going through the documents, Mahaldar managed to find an Aadhar card and a contact number. He then called the number and gave the bag to its owner after verifying his identity with the photo on the Aadhar card.
Censor Board orders 48 cuts in 'Babumoshai Bandookbaaz'	"Censor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani has ordered 48 cuts in the Nawazuddin Siddiqui starrer n upcoming action thriller film 'Babumoshai Bandookbaaz'. ""We are just doing our job,"" Nihalani said when asked about the number of cuts that have been ordered. Directed by Kushan Nandy and also starring Bengali actress Bidita Bag, the film is scheduled to release on August 25."
What is the Reliance Jio breach that put users data online?	The Reliance Jio data breach refers to customer data being posted on a website called 'magicapk.com'. The site required people to enter Jio numbers in the search field, which then revealed user details. This included ?sensitive details? like names and email IDs. Although the site has been suspended, the leaked data may reportedly be on sale on dark web forums.
BJP candidate wins BMC elections through lottery after tie	Atul Shah, a BJP candidate in the elections for Mumbai's civic body BMC was declared winner through a lottery after he and a Shiv Sena candidate got the same number of votes. The Sena candidate had been declared the winner after counting, but Shah challenged it. A tie was declared between the two candidates after recounting for three times.
Cricket Aus threatens to stop pay, players threaten strike	"Cricket Australia has threatened to stop pay of their men and women cricketers if they fail to agree to the new compensation model by June. Disregarding the threats, players, including Shane Watson, Mitch Starc and Pat Cummins have threatened to go on strike and boycott the Ashes. ""It will be an interesting game of cricket without any players,"" tweeted Watson."
CBSE denies textbook said 36-24-36 was ideal female figure	"The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has denied reports that its Class 12 textbook suggested that 36-24-36 was the ideal female body shape. ""CBSE does not recommend books by any private publishers to the affiliate schools,"" the board stated. The book referred to in the media reports is titled 'Health and Physical Education', published by New Saraswati House."
They were elated to lift me: MLA carried by people in mud	"Biju Janata Dal (BJD) MLA Manas Madkami defended being carried on people's shoulders to prevent his clothes from getting dirty in a patch of muddy water in Odisha's Malkangiri on Tuesday. ""It was the overwhelming affection of supporters which prompted them to act in such manner. They felt elated while lifting me and crossing the water body,"" he said."
Mumbai airport second-most efficient in the world: Govt	"Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha on Tuesday said in the Rajya Sabha that Mumbai airport is widely considered as the second-most efficient airport in the world with as many landings and take-offs as Heathrow in the UK. ""Our airports are second to none in terms of their efficiency in operations...Our airports are performing very efficiently,"" he added."
TN announces Pongal gifts for 1.8 crore PDS card holders	Ahead of the harvest festival of Pongal on January 14, Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam on Tuesday announced gifts that include 1 kg raw rice and sugar, for 1.80 crore PDS card holders in the state. He said the gift would enable people to celebrate the festival with joy despite prevailing drought situation in the state.
Sikh child denied school enrolment in Australia over turban	A five-year-old Sikh boy has reportedly been denied school enrolment in Australia for wearing a turban as it does not align with its uniform policy. Notably, in a 2008 ruling, a Brisbane private school was forced to back down on a strict uniform policy that would have forced a Sikh boy to cut his hair and remove his turban.
Golfer escapes alligator's jaws by beating it by golf club	Tony Aarts, a Florida-based golfer, used his golf putter club to beat an alligator that attacked him and caught him by the ankle as he was approaching the fourth hole at the golf course. The alligator dragged Aarts into a nearby water hazard, before his eye socket was attacked by Aarts which caused the animal to loosen its jaw.
BJP calls for strike in Kerala over RSS worker's killing	The BJP on Sunday called for a statewide strike in Kerala after an RSS worker died after being allegedly attacked by CPI(M) workers. Thirty four-year-old E Rajesh was stabbed forty times and his left hand was chopped off by some men while he had been returning home after attending a 'shakha' meeting on Saturday, reports said
Tamannaah upset as scenes were cut from Baahubali 2: Reports	As per reports, actress Tamannaah is upset with filmmaker SS Rajamouli for cutting some of the scenes featuring her. Rajamouli reportedly deleted certain scenes as they could not be improved even with visual effects and most of those scenes featured Tamannaah.  The actress had taken horse riding and martial arts lessons for her role in the film.
I-T Dept issues ?24,646 cr notice to Sahara's Aamby Valley	The Income Tax Department has issued a ?24,646 crore tax demand notice to Sahara Group's Aamby Valley Limited. The department's audit found that an income of over ?48,000 crore for the assessment year 2012-13 was not reflected in the record books of the firm. A week ago, the SC ordered Bombay HC to auction Sahara's Aamby Valley worth ?34,000 crore.
Sports Ministry postpones Archery Asia Cup in India	The Indian Sports Ministry has decided to postpone the Archery Asia Cup, following the Archery Association of India's delay in accepting the Sports Code. The championship was scheduled to begin in Delhi later this month and had received entries from five countries. The ministry denied the association a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for not implementing the code.
At least 16 killed, 40 injured in bomb blast in Lahore	At least 16 people, including a police DIG and an SSP, were killed and 40 others were injured in a bomb explosion outside the Punjab Assembly in Lahore, Pakistan, according to reports. The explosion occurred during a protest by chemists and pharmaceuticals against the government, reports added. Pakistani Taliban's faction Jamaat-ul-Ahrar reportedly claimed responsibility for the blast.
IAS officer's son found dead under mysterious circumstances	An 18-year-old son of Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority's Vice President Milind Mhaiskar and Urban Development Department's Principal Secretary Manisha Mhaiskar was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Mumbai. The police are trying to find out whether it was a case of suicide or if he was pushed from the 20th storey of the building.
Mumbai civic body organises waste management workshop	The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) Andheri (East) ward office is hosting over 40 waste management companies to raise awareness among residents and school students about waste management. This comes after the BMC sent around 4,000 notices to housing societies and other institutions in the area for failing to segregate waste.
Sunil Gavaskar was the 1st batsman to reach 10,000 Test runs	Sunil Gavaskar became the first batsman to register 10,000 runs in Test cricket on March 7, 1987. Batting against Pakistan in Ahmedabad, Gavaskar, needing 58 runs to reach the milestone, scored 63 runs in India's first innings. The batsman went on to register 10,122 runs in his Test career before retiring after his 125th Test match.
South Korea seeks rare military talks with North Korea	South Korea has proposed military talks with North Korea to ease tensions over the latter's nuclear and ballistic missile programme, for the first time under President Moon Jae-in. The offer by Jae-in, who has vowed to achieve peace with North Korea, comes after the reclusive state claimed to have test-fired its first intercontinental ballistic missile.
If PM is UP?s adopted son then who is his father, asks Lalu	"Reacting to PM Narendra Modi?s statement that he is ""UP?s adopted son"", RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav said that if he?s UP?s adopted son then he should reveal who is his father. ""For the sake of votes he is linking relations with every state,"" he said. Earlier, PM Modi had said that he has blood relation with Punjab."
Harinder Sandhu wins Victorian Open squash tournament	Indian squash player Harinder Pal Sandhu won his second title in two weeks after winning the Victorian Open by beating top-seed Rex Hedrick of Australia 12-14, 11-3, 11-4, 11-7 in a 77-minute final in Melbourne on Sunday. The 28-year-old, who was seeded third in the tournament, had won the South Australian Open last week.
Patanjali to finish multinationals in India in 5 yrs: Ramdev	"Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has said that Patanjali Ayurved will finish the multinational firms in the Indian market in the next five years. Ramdev further said the MNCs were not working for the country's development, rather their sole objective was to ""loot"" India. In five years, Patanjali would educate farmers about latest techniques and also offer decent prices, he added."
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton gave up podium finish for teammate	British F1 driver Lewis Hamilton gave up on a third place finish at the Hungarian Grand Prix to let his teammate Valtteri Bottas finish third instead. Hamilton, who was fourth placed, asked Mercedes to tell Bottas to let him through to chase down the leading Ferraris, agreeing to give the third place back if he fails to overtake them.
BJP MLA refuses to pay toll, says he is ready to fight	Rajasthan BJP MLA Shreeram Bhincher refused to pay the toll on the Jaipur-Nagaur Highway and entered into an altercation with a toll plaza employee, according to India Today. The BJP leader reportedly pushed away the employee when he came in front of his vehicle and said he is ready to fight, but the vehicles will go like this only.
Waitlisted passengers can now take next alternative train	Starting from April 1, Railways will let waitlisted passengers travel in the next alternative train going towards the same destination the ticket is booked for. Passengers will be allowed to take Rajdhani or Shatabdi trains even if they booked a ticket for other mail or express trains. No extra charge or difference in the fare will be collected by Railways.
Sting operation reveals Apple staff misled users on Error 53	A sting operation against Apple by Australian consumer watchdog has revealed the staff repeatedly misled iPhone customers over 'error 53' malfunction. The watchdog said the staff wrongly denied consumers free replacements or repair if they had taken their devices to an unauthorised third-party repairer. Between 2014 and 2016, 'error 53' malfunction rendered many iPhones and iPads useless.
Ticket collector bites off senior officer?s nose in MP	A ticket collector on Thursday allegedly bit off the nose of a senior officer at Katni railway station in Madhya Pradesh reportedly over an old issue. The wounded officer was taken to Jabalpur for treatment, said a Government Railway Police official. The ticket collector has been booked under section 326 of the IPC (voluntary causing grievous hurt).
Mumbai man booked for Facebook post against Bal Thackeray	The police on Thursday booked a man in Mumbai for hurting religious feelings over a comment he made on Facebook against Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray. Reportedly, the man commented abuses on a post praising Thackeray's stand against terrorism. Earlier, two girls were arrested for expressing displeasure on Facebook over a bandh after Thackeray's death.
Explosion inside Bhopal-Ujjain passenger train injures eight	A blast took place on Tuesday morning in a Bhopal-Ujjain passenger train in Madhya Pradesh near Javdi station, injuring at least eight people. Two coaches were damaged in the blast and were separated from the train which later left for its onward journey. An inquiry has been ordered into the incident to ascertain the nature and cause of the blast.
FIR filed against Force 2 distributors over leaking film	Viacom18, the producers of the John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha starrer 'Force 2', have registered an FIR against the film's distributors for planning the online leak of the film. The distribution firm K Sera Sera Digital Cinema Ltd claimed that they were not behind the leak but found a Madhya Pradesh theatre's watermark on Force 2's pirated DVDs.
Rape incidents in Delhi have tripled since Dec 16 gang rape	Incidents of rape in Delhi have risen over three times since the December 16 Nirbhaya gang rape case, from 706 in 2012 to 2,199 in 2016. The police attributed the increase to more women coming forward to lodge complaints after the incident. However, the conviction rate for rape incidents dropped from 49.25% of cases in 2012 to 29.37% in 2015.
CBI to probe appointment of AAP Minister's daughter	The CBI is set to probe the appointment of Delhi Health Minister Satyendra Jain's daughter, Soumya Jain, in his own ministry as the Advisor to the Mission Director. As per reports, Soumya had no experience in health sector and instead held a background in the architecture field. Further, her appointment was reportedly not a result of selection through transparent processes.
Gender neutral model to walk at Lakme Fashion Week	"Petr Nitka, a model from the Czech Republic, will become the first gender neutral model to walk at India's Lakme Fashion Week in its upcoming Summer/Resort 2017 edition. Petr has walked for both menswear and womenswear. ""With every season, Lakme Fashion Week is breaking beauty boundaries and showcasing diversity,"" said Purnima Lamba, Head of Innovation at Lakme."
Dangal actress slammed for wearing swimsuit during Ramzan	"Actress Fatima Sana Shaikh was slammed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramzan in a picture she shared on social media. Some users compared her to a slut and criticised her for wearing ""inappropriate"", ""indecent"" clothes during Ramzan. Meanwhile, other users supported the actress and said that it's her choice to wear what she wants."
Linkin Park's upcoming tour cancelled after Chester's demise	The upcoming North America tour of rock band Linkin Park, which was scheduled to begin next week, has been cancelled after its lead vocalist Chester Bennington's demise earlier this week. Bennington reportedly committed suicide at his California residence. Formed in 1996, Linkin Park have sold more than 70 million albums worldwide and won two Grammy Awards.
French Prez denounces country's role in Holocaust atrocity	"Commemorating 75 years of a mass roundup of French Jews outside Paris, French President Emmanuel Macron denounced his country's collaboration in the Holocaust atrocity. Adding that ""not a single German"" was directly involved in the roundup, Macron said, ""it was indeed France that organised this"". Notably, tens of thousands of Jews were killed in the atrocity."
Shastris and Kumbles will come and go: Ravi Shastri	"After replacing Anil Kumble as the Indian cricket team's head coach, Ravi Shastri said ""Shastris and Kumbles will come and go"", but fabric of the team remains. ""I've matured a lot in the last two weeks...I don't come with any baggage. The team has done exceedingly well in the last three years, they're the people who deserve credit,"" said Shastri."
Nitish Kumar takes oath as Bihar Chief Minister	Janata Dal (United) leader Nitish Kumar took oath as the Chief Minister of Bihar on Thursday, a day after resigning from the post due to a rift in the Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance. He had submitted a letter of support with 132 members' signatures, asking to form the government with the BJP as an ally. Kumar has two days to prove majority.
SC orders CBI probe in 62 extra judicial killings in Manipur	The Supreme Court on Friday ordered the CBI to set up special teams to investigate into 62 alleged encounters by the Indian Army and other security forces in Manipur. Asking the agency to respond within two weeks, the SC has overruled objections by the government and the Army, which is accused in 28 of the 62 cases, with this order.
Shiv Sena using Balasaheb?s name to hide its corruption: Raj	"Addressing a rally ahead of BMC polls, MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday alleged Shiv Sena is using its Founder Balasaheb Thackeray?s name to hide its corruption. He further said Sena wants to usurp the plush sea-facing Mayor Bungalow under the name of Balasaheb memorial. ""And they (Sena) plan to shift the Mayor inside the Zoo premises,"" he added."
Ambulance driver held for smuggling liquor in Maharashtra	A 108 ambulance driver has been arrested in Maharashtra for allegedly smuggling liquor in the vehicle. The police intercepted the accused after a tip-off and found 25 bottles of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) worth ?5,000 hidden inside. The driver was placed under suspension, according to reports.
Delhi BJP chief Tiwari has breakfast with slum dwellers	"Delhi BJP chief and MP Manoj Tiwari, accompanied by Leader of Opposition in the Delhi Assembly Vijendra Gupta, on Sunday had breakfast with slum dwellers of Samaypur Badli. Taking a dig at CM Arvind Kejriwal, Tiwari said, ""Work is here where I am standing (in the slums)... Work cannot be done from air conditioned rooms."""
Selena attends Met Gala with rumoured boyfriend The Weeknd	Singer Selena Gomez attended the Met Gala 2017 red carpet with rumoured boyfriend The Weeknd on Monday. Selena wore an embroidered gown with sequin embellishment by Coach, while The Weeknd wore a black tuxedo. The couple has been rumoured to be dating since they were first spotted together in Los Angeles in January.
NGO files PIL in SC demanding CBI probe into Jaya's death	A Chennai-based NGO has filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Supreme Court demanding a CBI probe into Late Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa's death. The petition has also sought for the recovery of all medical documents during the AIADMK Chief's stay in Chennai's Apollo Hospitals for more than two months.
Mob sets police station on fire after accused killed in jail	A mob of around 3,000 people on Wednesday set a police station in Shimla on fire after a rape accused was murdered in police custody. The accused, Suraj Singh, was allegedly murdered by a co-accused in the gangrape following a scuffle. The two suspects fought after Singh reportedly blamed the entire incident on the co-accused.
We'll shift to Jan Dhan, Aadhaar, Mobile in 2-3 yrs: Naidu	Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Saturday said the present BJP-led Centre aims to shift all government scheme-related financial transactions to Jan Dhan, Aadhar and Mobile (JAM) platforms across India in the next 2-3 years. Adding that corruption in government schemes will be reduced, Naidu said that JAM would bring a big financial revolution in the country.
Leopard kills 2-year-old boy on walk with family in Mumbai	A two-year-old boy was attacked and killed by a leopard while he was out for a walk with his family on Saturday in Mumbai. The boy was grabbed and taken away by the leopard while the elders were walking ahead, officials said. He was brought to a hospital where doctors declared him dead and said he died of blood loss.
Over 7K women died in 2015 due to dowry harassment: NCRB	The National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) has stated as many as 7,634 women died in the country in 2015 due to dowry harassment. Furthermore, after registration of dowry deaths, police have chargesheeted around 93.7% of the accused, of which only 34.7% have been convicted. As per the Delhi Police, 31 women died due to dowry harassment till March 15, 2017.
SC sends notice to Facebook and WhatsApp over privacy issues	The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to the government, Facebook, WhatsApp, and telecom regulator TRAI over a plea that sought government regulation of online messaging services. The plea alleged the social networking sites compromise the privacy of interpersonal communication of over 15 crore people in the country. The court has further sought replies to these notices within two weeks.
UP suffers ?5,000-crore loss post liquor ban along highways	The Uttar Pradesh government has incurred a loss of about ?5,000 crore in 2016-17 following the Supreme Court order banning all liquor shops along national and state highways. Of the 8,591 highway liquor shops affected, 3,000 shop owners have surrendered their liquor licences. UP Excise Department said that it could generate only ?14,000 crore against a target of ?19,000 crore.
SA ODI captain AB de Villiers becomes father for 2nd time	"South Africa's ODI captain AB de Villiers and his wife Danielle became parents for the second time after the birth of their son, John Richard de Villiers, on July 17. ""My wife's the most amazing woman and once again showed incredible courage and strength through all of this,"" wrote the 33-year-old. Their first son, Abraham, was born in 2015."
International Tiger Day observed on July 29	The International Tiger Day, an annual celebration to promote a system for protecting natural habitats of tigers and to raise public awareness for tiger conservation, is celebrated worldwide on July 29. It was first observed in 2010 at the Saint Petersburg Tiger Summit. Reportedly, the world has lost 97% of all wild tigers in a bit over 100 years.
Kejriwal clarifies his 'Delhi to be made London' remark	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Monday clarified he had not said that he will turn Delhi into London, but to make the city as clean as London while keeping its unique cultural ethos intact. ""When we go to western countries including London, we see a high level of cleanliness there. Delhi will be made as clean as London,"" he added."
The rules of the Censor Board need to be revisited: Anupam	"Actor Anupam Kher has said that the rules of the Censor Board need to be revisited since they were written in 1952. He added, ""The present government had appointed a committee headed by filmmaker Shyam Benegal. I don't know what happened to the recommendations."" Anupam further said that even though new rules are made, they are not implemented.n"
G Noida residents to 'adopt' areas to ensure cleanliness	A voluntary residents' group in Greater Noida has taken up the responsibility of particular localities and walls in commercial and residential areas in order to ensure cleanliness. The group recently started a 'poster removal' drive as signboards and direction boards covered with posters make it difficult for commuters to locate addresses.
Police arrests prime accused in Delhi's Jamia Nagar rape	The police on Saturday arrested a builder who was the prime accused in the gang rape of a teenage girl in Delhi's Jamia Nagar, from Bijnor in Uttar Pradesh. The arrest comes after the girl's mother was allegedly shot by two unidentified bike-borne men. There are four other accused in the case and all of them are on the run.
Do not seek tickets for relatives: Modi to BJP politicians	"Addressing the BJP national executive meet, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said, ""Do not seek tickets for relatives. Only potential candidates should contest polls."" Modi further said, ""Do not put pressure on the party for giving tickets to your relatives. If the organisation finds it suitable, it will give ticket to them... Ensure victory in all the five states."""
Trump orders Republicans to 'let Obamacare fail'	"After efforts to repeal and replace Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act collapsed, US President Donald Trump has said that Republicans should ""let Obamacare fail"". ""I think we're probably in that position where we'll let Obamacare fail. We're not going to own it. I'm not going to own it,"" Trump added. Notably, around 2 crore people gained health coverage under Obamacare."
Shiv Sena not Hindutvavadi, pretends to be one: VHP	"The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) on Tuesday said that Shiv Sena was never a Hindutvavadi outfit and was pretending to be one only for political gains. Bal Thackeray himself was clueless about his party workers bringing portions of the mosque down in Ayodhya, said VHP. ""You don't become Hindutvavadi by merely chanting Chhatrapati Shivaji's name,"" it added."
If I join politics, me and my men will come with guns: Kamal	"Actor Kamal Haasan has said that if he ever enters politics in Tamil Nadu, he and his men are so angry that they will come with guns. ""Tamil Nadu has not had the best of service from politicians for more than 60 years now.... They are taking it too lightly because they have been charlatans for too long,"" added Kamal."
US mandates explosive trace checks for all flights	The US Transportation Security Administration has made it mandatory for foreign carriers to perform Explosive Trace Device checks for US-bound flights, MoS for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha has said. He added that the Delhi and Mumbai Airports will get Explosive Trace Device checks for US-bound Air India flights. The checks will be for all portable gadgets larger than a smartphone.
Akhilesh Yadav will not contest UP Assembly polls: Reports	"As per reports, Samajwadi Party chief and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has told his party leaders that he will not contest the upcoming Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections from any seat. ""Some TV channels are running that I'll contest from Lucknow. I'm not contesting from anywhere. I'm an MLC till 2018 and I'll campaign for all,"" Akhilesh reportedly said."
Prince Philip's most famous comments and clangers	"Britain's Prince Philip who retired from the public eye recently was known for his public gaffes. He once said, ""When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife."" He also told a 13-year old who wanted to go to space that he was too fat to be an astronaut."
Maid beaten up for theft, held captive in employer's car	A maid was found in the boot of her employer's car in Noida's Sector 78 where she was reportedly held captive after being beaten up for stealing from the employer's house. After the domestic help was found in the car, a mob of villagers surrounded the premises of the society, entered there with rods and started pelting stones.
Still counting notes deposited after demonetisation: RBI Guv	RBI Governor Urjit Patel on Wednesday told a parliamentary panel that the notes deposited after demonetisation were still being counted by a special team working round the clock. He said the total money in circulation in the country is now ?15.4 lakh crore, as against ?17.7 lakh crore at the time of demonetisation in November last year.
Drug peddlers coat eatables with LSD to avoid detection	"Drug peddlers are coating biscuits and nut crackers with Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) drug to avoid being caught at airports, Task Force officials said. ""These biscuits were detected and seized only because the peddlers were carrying another drug, which was detected in the scanning machine,"" an officer said. This was revealed after Task Force arrested nine people carrying LSD-laced biscuits."
Actress Neena Gupta asks for work on social media	"National Award winning actress Neena Gupta described herself as a ""good actress"" living and working in Mumbai while asking for jobs via her social media accounts. Neena said, ""Everybody thinks that after my marriage, I have moved to Delhi and I don't work anymore... then I see so many roles being offered to other actors of my age."""
Don?t have 'aukat' to be anyone's godmother in B'wood: Richa	"Actress Richa Chadha has said she doesn't have the 'aukat' (stature) to be anyone's godmother in Bollywood but she will do whatever she can to help newcomers. Richa added, ""When I started in the industry, people had helped me; so why not extend that favour to others. I know how it feels when people call you an outsider. It's disturbing."""
Expel Lalu's son, will support your govt: BJP to Nitish	"Bihar BJP President Nityanand Rai on Monday said that the BJP is ready to support Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's government if he expels his deputy and Lalu Yadav's son Tejashwi Yadav. Adding that it's BJP's dream to make India 'Congress-free', he said, ""if Kumar will need to save his government...We will support his government from outside but won't join it."""
Clashes erupt in J&K as educational institutions reopen	Students in the Kashmir Valley clashed with security forces and resorted to stone pelting as colleges and universities reopened on Monday, officials said. Stone pelting by the students of a local college caused a blockade of one of the busiest roads in Srinagar, they added. The educational institutions had remained closed for a week following protests by the students.
Congress slams AAP govt for delaying Delhi Metro Phase IV	The Congress on Tuesday slammed the AAP government for delaying the fourth phase of the Delhi Metro project by not paying its due share of taxes. In cities where Metro rail projects are joint ventures, the state governments concerned are mandated to pay both state taxes as well as their share of subordinate debt, a Delhi Congress spokesperson said.
Bhansali to launch Jaaved Jaaferi's son Meezan in Bollywood	Filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali will launch actor Jaaved Jaaferi's son Meezan in Bollywood. Meezan, who has assisted Bhansali on the film Bajirao Mastani, was said to be chosen after auditioning for the role. Bhansali will reportedly be co-producing the film under Bhansali Productions while it will be directed by Mangesh Hadawale, known for directing the Marathi film Tingya.
FIR against ex-Delhi Minister Tomar in fake degree case	Bihar's Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University on Thursday lodged an FIR, against former Delhi Law Minister Jitendra Singh Tomar, over his fake law degree. The FIR was filed about four months after the university cancelled Tomar's degree. An enquiry held by the university in 2016 had found that Tomar had fraudulently procured a law degree from the university.
British-era Bawana Jail undergoing renovation	The British-era Bawana Jail is one of the 19 monuments being renovated by the Delhi Archeology Department. The abandoned 19th-century structure, which has also served as an orphanage and school, was once used to imprison revenue defaulters and villagers who failed to pay the Zaildari tax. It resembles a fortress and features an arched gateway.
Ask psychiatrist why Censors fear female sexuality: Shah	"Actor Naseeruddin Shah, while talking about the controversy around 'Lipstick Under My Burkha', said that one needs to ask a psychiatrist why the Censor Board is afraid of female sexuality on screen. He added, ""It's very frightening to see that the Censor Board can do whatever it wants and practise its biases openly and ban films that it doesn't like."""
Ramdev, Sonakshi to judge bhajan reality show: Reports	According to reports, yoga guru Ramdev and actress Sonakshi Sinha will be part of the judging panel on upcoming reality show 'Om Shanti Om'. The show will be aired on Life OK, which is set to re-brand itself as Star Bharat. The judging panel will also include singers Shekhar Ravjiani and Kanika Kapoor.
Wrestler's son threatens to sell India's 1st Olympic bronze	The family of late wrestler Khashaba Dadasaheb Jadhav, who bagged India's first Olympic bronze medal in 1952, has threatened to auction the medal to fund a wrestling academy. The wrestler's son said the Maharashtra government had planned an academy in 2009, but no action was taken. The family has also threatened a hunger strike if funds are not released.
Sara will rock the industry with her beauty, talent: Kareena	"Kareena Kapoor, while talking about her step-daughter Sara Ali Khan's Bollywood debut, said that she's sure Sara is going to rock the industry with her beauty and talent. Kareena added, ""I am sure she's going to be supremely talented. She has it in her genes, she is looking gorgeous."" Sara will make her debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in Kedarnath."
Mithali Raj asks for women?s IPL after World Cup loss	"India women's team captain Mithali Raj called for a women's IPL after the team lost the World Cup final to England, saying ""now was the time to create the base"". ""The WBBL has given exposure to two girls...If more girls participate in such leagues, it will give them experience and help them to improve their own game,"" said Mithali."
India's population has overtaken China's: Chinese demographer	India has overtaken China to become the world's most populous country, according to Chinese demographer Yi Fuxian. He claimed that China's actual population is about 1.29 billion, as against 1.37 billion quoted by its government. According to his claims, India has overtaken China five years ahead of forecasts, with a population of more than 1.3 billion people.
Upset with govt, Deaflympics team refuses to leave airport	India's Deaflympics squad, which put up the country's best-ever show at the recently concluded Deaflympics, refused to leave the Delhi airport after landing, since no government official was there to receive them. The 46-athlete contingent, which won five medals, demanded to speak with sports minister Vijay Goel. The athletes protested for over six hours before an SAI official received them.
Chidambaram's son Karti leaves for London after CBI raids	"Former Finance Minister and senior Congress leader P Chidambaram's son Karti Chidambaram left for London on Thursday after the CBI raided his residence in connection with money-laundering in the Aircel-Maxis deal. ""Karti is travelling as per earlier travel plans. He will return after a few days. There is no ban on his travel,"" P Chidambaram said."
NHAI cuts over 8,000 trees in Gurugram to build flyovers	The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has chopped more than 8,000 trees in Gurugram to develop a flyover and three underpasses. While environmentalists have criticised NHAI for the move in the name of development, meteorological department officials have raised concerns about a possible increase in temperature by 2-3 degrees.
Haryana girl Shweta Mehta wins MTV Roadies Rising	"Haryana-based Shweta Mehta, from Neha Dhupia's gang, was on Saturday announced the winner of stunt-based reality show MTV Roadies Rising. She emerged as the winner after beating Baseer Ali from Prince Narula's team. ""I had auditioned for Roadies thrice in the past, but did not make it to the show. But failing thrice did not dampen my spirits,"" said Shweta."
Sometimes opposites attract: UK PM May on working with Trump	"When asked how she plans to work with US President Donald Trump, UK PM Theresa May on Thursday said, ""Sometimes opposites attract."" ""We both share a desire to ensure that governments are working for everyone,"" she added. PM May is currently in the United States where she is expected to become the first foreign leader to meet President Trump."
BJP leaders doze off in ex-Bihar Dy CM Sushil Modi?s presser	BJP leaders were caught dozing off during former Bihar Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi's weekly Janta Durbar in Patna on Tuesday which was held to address people's grievances. Ex-Bihar minister Renu Kushwaha and her politician husband Vijay Kumar Singh apparently slept during the 30-minute press conference. Renu had quit JD(U) and had unsuccessfully contested Bihar Assembly election on BJP ticket.
Salman counselled me about having babies: Krushna Abhishek	"Comedian Krushna Abhishek, who became a father to twin boys, has revealed that Salman Khan was among those who counselled him about having babies. ""Salman was one of the first stars I told about my twins,"" he added. Krushna further said when he first saw the twins, he didn't know how to react and was scared to pick them up."
Freedom 251 maker's Director Mohit Goel detained for fraud	"Mohit Goel, Director of Noida-based Ringing Bells, which claimed to make world's cheapest smartphone Freedom 251, was detained on Thursday over allegations of fraud. Goel was detained after Freedom 251 distributor Ayam Enterprises filed an FIR alleging it had been ""defrauded"" of ?16 lakh. In December 2016, Ringing Bells officials were summoned in a cheque bounce case worth ?2 crore."
WB topper's name appears in JU merit list without applying	A West Bengal Class 12 topper's name has appeared on top for four subjects of Jadavpur University's merit list without him even applying. The student has notified the varsity's authorities about the error adding that the marks and birth date mentioned with the name were not his. Authorities said that they would seek help from police's cyber crime department.
Phogat sisters to campaign for BJP in Delhi civic polls	The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has roped in wrestlers Geeta Phogat and Babita Phogat of 'Dangal' fame to campaign for the party in the run-up to the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) polls. The party is reportedly also in talks with Indian cricketer Shikhar Dhawan for the campaign ahead of the polls scheduled for April 22.
No info on hiring class 12 boy on ?12 lakh per month: Google	"Google has clarified that it has no ""information on [its] records with respect to Harshit Sharma's candidacy"", after a news about the tech giant hiring the class 12 Chandigarh boy went viral. It was reported that Harshit would get ?4 lakh monthly as trainee graphic designer, and ?12 lakh monthly after the training completes in a month."
Truck carrying LPG cylinders explodes on Badrinath highway	Multiple explosions occurred on the Rishikesh-Badrinath highway on Friday morning after a truck carrying LPG cylinders burst into flames. A video of the incident has emerged, which shows at least eight explosions occurring in the truck. The Char Dham Yatra has been affected but no injuries have been reported, while the reason for the accident is still unknown.
Kerala's Munnar named India's best destination for romance	Kerala's Munnar was named India's best destination for romance at the 2017 Lonely Planet India Travel Awards in Mumbai. While New Delhi was named the best destination for shopping, Lucknow was named the best destination for food and drink and Goa the best destination for relaxation. Himachal Pradesh was named the best family destination and Maharashtra the best adventure destination.
Ola losses tripled to ?2,311 crore during 2015-16	Taxi-hailing startup Ola posted a loss of ?2,311 crore for fiscal 2015-16, which is about three times compared to the year before. The loss was reportedly on account of employee-related expenses rising over five-fold. However, despite the increase in absolute amount of loss, the Softbank-backed startup Ola reduced its loss margin, said research and analytics firm Tofler.
Afghanistan to play McCullum-led MCC team at Lord's	Afghanistan will play a team from Marylebone Cricket Club, led by former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum, at Lord's on July 11. This will be Afghanistan's first match at the venue, which is hosting an associate nation for the second time in as many seasons. Afghan players Mohammad Nabi and Hamid Hassan earlier took part in MCC's Young Cricketers programme.
Give us EVM for 72 hrs, will show how to rig it: Kejriwal	Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has challenged the Election Commission to give them EVM for 72 hours and they will prove how it can be tampered with. While the poll panel has denied the allegations about EVMs tampering, AAP and Congress have demanded that the civic polls in the city must be conducted through paper ballots.
Bihar MLA reaches Assembly with bruised knees wearing shorts	BJP MLA from Lauria, Vinay Bihari, on Thursday reached the Bihar Assembly wearing vest and shorts with injury marks on his knees. He said that he was protesting for the non-construction of roads in his constituency and came travelling the distance by prostrating on road. Earlier, he had vowed not to wear kurta-pyjama until roads were constructed in his constituency.
No justification for pending appointment of Lokpal: SC	"Hearing a petition filed by NGO Common Cause, the Supreme Court on Thursday said the Lokpal Bill is a ""workable piece of legislation"" and there is no justification to keep its implementation pending. Shanti Bhushan argued that while the Lokpal Bill was passed in 2013 and came into effect in 2014, Lokpal has not been appointed by the government deliberately."
I am open to doing a Bollywood film: Baahubali actor Prabhas	"Actor Prabhas, known for his role in 'Baahubali' film franchise, has said that he's open to doing a Bollywood film. He added, ""I am open to Bollywood if I am offered a project that I can resonate with."" Speaking about his character in 'Baahubali', Prabhas said that he doesn't relate to it as the character kills a lot of people."
Rashtrapati Bhavan moves EC over Prez?s pic on Cong's banner	"The Rashtrapati Bhavan on Saturday wrote to Election Commission after President Pranab Mukherjee's pictures appeared in Congress hoarding in poll-bound Punjab. It asked the EC to ensure the neutrality of his office isn't breached in any manner. ""All political parties should desist from ever linking the President to any political party for political goals,"" wrote President's Secretary Omita Paul."
Google as much an Indian company as American: IT Minister	"IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has said technology major Google is ""as much an Indian company as American"". The manner in which the country's people have accepted Google, it has as much an obligation for India as it does for US and the world, he said. Further, Google India needs to tailor its operations to the country's psyche, he added."
Tamil TV actress Nandhini's husband commits suicide	Tamil television actress Nandhini's husband Karthikeyan allegedly committed suicide at a lodge in Chennai on Monday. Karthikeyan was reportedly found lying unconscious in the room. Initial reports suggested that Karthikeyan blamed his father-in-law in his suicide note but Nandhini alleged that her husband had been taking money from people and threatened to commit suicide when she confronted him.
Fatwa against Muslim minister for chanting 'Jai Shri Ram'	"A fatwa directing termination of his marriage was issued against JD(U) minister Khurshid Ahmad for chanting 'Jai Shri Ram' outside the Bihar Assembly after Chief Minister Nitish Kumar won the trust vote. The minister initially stood by his actions and said, ""Islam teaches respect for all religions."" He later apologised for his actions after a meeting with Nitish Kumar."
Poster asks people to recognise 110 BJP leaders or lose jobs	"Posters were put up in Gujarat featuring pictures of 110 senior BJP leaders of the state, with the caption reading, ""Identify the leaders or you will lose your job."" This comes after two lower-level workers in the state were suspended for failing to recognise BJP politicians. The posters, put up near the Gujarat Assembly, were later removed by BJP workers."
63% Indians concerned about leakage of data given to Aadhaar	According to a survey conducted by a citizen engagement platform of over 10,700 participants, 63% Indians are concerned about the leakage of their personal data given to Aadhaar into public domain. However, 70% of the participants also extended their support to the government's emphasis on Aadhaar making it mandatory for filing tax returns and linking it to Permanent Account Number.
Jharkhand minister 1st to be convicted for money laundering	In a first under Prevention of Money Laundering Act, a special court in Ranchi has convicted former Jharkhand minister Hari Narayan Rai, sentencing him to 7 years of rigorous imprisonment with a fine of ?5 lakh. Further, the court ordered that Rai will have to serve 18 months of additional rigorous imprisonment if he fails to deposit the fine.
Only one President of India elected without contest till now	Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is the only President of India who was elected to the highest office without a contest ever since the country won independence. While 37 candidates had filed their nominations for the 1977 Presidential elections, the Returning Officer rejected 36 after scrutiny and the only valid nomination was that of Neelam Sanjiva Reddy.
Sanjay Dutt biopic's release date postponed to next year	The Ranbir Kapoor starrer biopic on actor Sanjay Dutt has postponed its release date to March 30, 2018. The film was earlier set for a release on Christmas this year, which would have been the same release date as the Salman Khan starrer Tiger Zinda Hai. Hirani reportedly did not want to release the biopic alongside another big-budget film.
I have conquered England in three months: Zlatan Ibrahimovic	"Zlatan Ibrahimovic has claimed he had only one individual target after joining Manchester United and it was to conquer English football which he did in just three months. When asked if he was chasing Chelsea's Diego Costa to become PL's top scorer, he replied, ""No, I'm not chasing anybody. I'm chasing...the Premier League. That is my aim."""
PM, his team are like Ali Baba and gang of thieves: Mamata	"West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team are like Ali Baba and his gang of thieves who rob people to make themselves rich. Terming the Centre's demonetisation move as the biggest scam in world history, Banerjee said, ""Bank is cashless, the government is faceless. Remove Modi, save the country."""
Prosthetic fingers on sale to rig UP election: Report	An investigation by India Today has unmasked a racket of prosthetic suppliers who are selling silicone fingers to political parties in order to rig the ongoing UP election. The leaders of the political parties are ordering them in bulk for their teams to cast multiple votes by masking their fingers bearing the indelible ink-mark with prostheses, the investigation revealed.
Principal suspended for holding exam outdoors in China	A school principal in China's Linzhou city was suspended for holding exams for 400 students in an open playground despite closure orders amid a pollution 'red alert' across several parts of the country. The 'worst smog of the year' has reportedly affected over 46 crore people, with people being forced to either leave the affected cities or breathe toxic air.
Election Commission to hold EVM hackathon in May-end	The Election Commission said on Thursday that it will hold an open hackathon in the last week of May, allowing people to try and hack EVMs. The announcement comes amid various political parties and leaders alleging tampering of EVMs in the elections. The EC had earlier said it might invite technocrats, scientists and political parties to participate in the hackathon.
Letter threatening to bomb Howrah railway station received	A letter threatening to bomb Howrah railway station in Kolkata, West Bengal, has been received by the office of the general manager of Eastern Railway. The threat letter allegedly mentions the name of Pakistan-based terror group Jaish-e-Mohammad. The handwritten letter sent via speed post allegedly asks railways to pay ?50 crore, failing which it will blow up city's major stations.
Smoke from Pongal festivities delays 19 flights in Chennai	Nineteen international and domestic flights to and from Chennai were delayed on Friday as dense smoke engulfed the area around the airport after old articles were burnt on the occasion of Bhogi. Old and unwanted articles of the past year are burnt as a symbolic gesture during Bhogi, which is celebrated on the first day of Pongal.
Delhi cabbie who returned bag worth ?8 lakh has ?70,000 loan	"Delhi cab driver Debendra Kapri, who had a few days ago returned a bag with goods worth ?8 lakh left in his cab, has a debt of ?70,000 to settle. Saying ""my moral values are greater than my personal needs"", he added the ""incident gives me peace of mind"". Kapri had come to Delhi in 2012, searching for a job."
Azhar to run for Hyderabad Cricket Association President	"Former Indian captain Mohammad Azharuddin will run for the post of Hyderabad Cricket Association President. Azhar filed his nomination for the post on Tuesday after the current President became ineligible as per the Lodha reforms. ""My basic intention is to see that cricket in Hyderabad flourishes. We cannot run the HCA on the whims and fancies of individuals,"" said Azhar."
Kapil takes a dig at flight brawl with Sunil on his show	"Comedian Kapil Sharma took a dig at his brawl on a flight with comedian Sunil Grover in an episode of 'The Kapil Sharma Show'. In the episode's promo, the team can be seen in a plane setup with everybody fighting. When Kiku Sharda, dressed as an air hostess, asks Kapil to intervene, he says, ""Nowadays, I don't speak on flights."" n"
Violators of law will not be spared: Adityanath	"Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath on Sunday said, ""We will not compromise with law and order and those who violate law won't be spared."" He further said, ""I am committed to fulfil the dreams of our people to make UP the best-ruled state in the country."" He also warned gau rakshaks (cow vigilantes) and anti-Romeo squad against violating the law."
Girl shot herself, says accused in Delhi Mercedes murder	The prime accused in the 17-year-old girl's murder inside a Mercedes car in Delhi's Najafgarh has reportedly changed his statement and told the police that the girl had shot herself. The accused, Shubham Gupta, had earlier confessed to have shot his friend out of jealousy, as per reports. Gupta was taken to Haridwar, where he had fled following the incident.
Only employer to decide if staff's work is satisfactory: HC	An employer has the sole right, not a court, to decide whether a probationary employee's work was satisfactory or not, the Delhi High Court has said. The court ruled this while upholding the termination of services of a teacher by a private school in the national capital. The teacher's services were terminated in 2014 over his unsatisfactory performance.
Take away office, AAP will function from streets: Kejriwal	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said the cancellation of AAP's office allotment was part of a larger design to ""finish"" the party, adding that Aam Aadmi Party was ready to operate from the ""streets"". The office allotment to AAP by the Kejriwal government was cancelled by Lieutenant Governor after the Shunglu Committee pointed out 'irregularities' in the allotment."
Indian eatery in UK closes due to cockroach infestation	"Diners at an Indian restaurant in England were forced to leave mid-way after health inspectors discovered a cockroach infestation. German cockroaches were found in the food store and freezers at Sand's of Glenfield. A notice on the restaurant door said, ""We are... taking all the necessary steps to ensure that we provide the best possible environment for our valued guests."""
Leopard attacks fifth victim in Mumbai's Aarey	A leopard on Friday attacked and injured a twelve-year-old boy while he was coming back with his friends from Mumbai's Aarey pump house. This is the fifth incident of a leopard attack in the last five months. Authorities have reportedly set up two cages to trap the leopard and expect that it will be trapped within the next few days.
16 Bills listed for introduction in Monsoon Session	A total of 16 Bills have been listed for introduction in the Parliament's Monsoon Session, which will start tomorrow, and go on till August 11. Out of these bills, nine have been passed by the Lok Sabha, and await the Rajya Sabha's approval. The Bills include Whistle Blowers Protection (Amendment) Bill, 2015, and Indian Institutes of Management Bill, 2017.
Jaaved Jaaferi shares pic of physical transformation at 53	"Actor-television host Jaaved Jaaferi has shared a picture on Twitter of his physical transformation at the age of 53, following four months of training. Jaaferi is preparing for his role in the stage adaptation of 'Monsoon Wedding'. Former Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah tweeted, ""Very inspiring. I'm tempted to ask you for your diet and workout plans Jaaved bhai."""
Singers liked till they sing playback for major stars: Ankit	"Singer-music composer Ankit Tiwari has said that people like singers as long as they sing playback for major stars or till the time the singers' songs are featured in films. He added, ""Singing for someone else means... singers aur musicians ki apni koi pehchaan nahi hoti."" Ankit further said that he is searching for his identity through his independent singles."
Treated like 'naukars' by Indian Sports Min at Rio: Golfer	"Golfer SSP Chawrasia has said he will ""think twice before representing India at the Olympics"", after alleging ""servant-like treatment"" by the Indian Olympic Association at the Rio Games. ""There was no proper arrangement...They behaved as if they were 'maalik' and we were 'naukars',"" said Chawrasia. He added the government failed to reimburse the earmarked amount of ?30 lakh for training."
Pic shows SRK with son Aryan and Saif's daughter Sara	A picture of actor Shah Rukh Khan with his son Aryan Khan and Saif Ali Khan's daughter Sara Ali Khan from Karan Johar's 45th birthday party has emerged online. Sara is reportedly set to make her acting debut in Bollywood under Johar's banner Dharma Productions. Earlier, there were also reports that Sara will make her Bollywood debut with Aryan.
Uddhav Thackeray, Sonia Gandhi appear on poster together	A poster of Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and Congress President Sonia Gandhi has been released on social media to show the collaboration between the two parties for the upcoming Zilla Parishad elections in Raigad district. Congress, Shiv Sena and local parties have reportedly formed a united front against the NCP there.
Rajasthan University to teach Akbar's Haldighati's defeat	Rajasthan University is set to include a book on Mughal emperor Akbar's Haldighati's defeat by Rajput king Maharana Pratap in its History department's curriculum from this year. The book by Dr Chandra Shekhar Sharma projects Pratap as a great freedom fighter. Notably, the idea to teach Akbar's 'defeat' was first mooted by BJP MLA Mohan Lal Gupta earlier this year.
Dinanath Bhargava who sketched National Emblem dies aged 89	Dinanath Bhargava, a co-artist in the team that sketched the National Emblem 'Lion Capital of Ashoka', died at the age of 89 in Indore on Saturday. Bhargava was reportedly suffering from cardiac ailments. Born on November 1, 1927, Bhargava was in his early twenties when he was chosen in the team, which also designed the pages of the Constitution's manuscript.
Karan Johar will be an excellent father: Tusshar Kapoor	"Actor Tusshar Kapoor, while speaking about filmmaker Karan Johar becoming father to twins via surrogacy, said that he will be an excellent father. ""He's loving; he's a giver and a complete family man... After the relationship with his parents, this will be the closest to his heart,"" he added. Tusshar became a father to a boy via surrogacy last year."
GoAir plane makes emergency landing due to engine trouble	A GoAir flight from Mumbai with over 180 people on board had to make an emergency landing following engine trouble. However, the aircraft landed safely and no one was hurt. Notably, this is the second incident involving a GoAir flight, where the plane had to make an emergency landing due to issues in its engine.
India snubs China on its offer to mediate on Kashmir issue	"India on Thursday snubbed China's offer to play a ""constructive role"" in resolving the Kashmir issue, saying the issue is a bilateral matter with Pakistan and there is no scope of any third-party mediation. The offer from the neighbour has come at a time when the armies of India and China are locked in a standoff in the Sikkim area."
Man who lost 150 elections files nomination for Prez poll	"A man from Tamil Nadu who features in the Limca Book of Records for being the ""most unsuccessful candidate"" after losing over 150 elections has filed his nomination for the Presidential elections. ""Election King"" K Padmarajan has contested against Pranab Mukherjee and Manmohan Singh. Padmarajan has previously said he wishes to retain his ""most unsuccessful candidate"" title."
Randeep praises Sehwag's tweet on Kargil martyr's daughter	"Actor Randeep Hooda praised former cricketer Virender Sehwag's tweet which was in response to Kargil martyr's daughter Gurmehar Kaur's tweet. She had earlier posted a photo holding a placard that said, ""Pakistan did not kill my dad. War killed him."" Virender's tweet showed him holding a placard which read, ""I didn't score two triple centuries, my bat did""."
IAF officer gets court-martialled for stealing ?531 wallet	A flight lieutenant has been court-martialled by the Indian Air Force after he was caught stealing a wallet on CCTV cameras. The incident had happened in a CSD canteen in Mumbai in 2013. The General Court Martial found the officer guilty and instructed him to pay back ?531 as the cost of the wallet.
May change Sidhu's ministry if he continues TV work: Singh	"Punjab CM Amarinder Singh has said Navjot Singh Sidhu's ministry might have to be changed if he wants to continue working in TV. ""If it's permissible then we have no issue. Otherwise, he has Culture Ministry and we may have to change his portfolio,"" Singh said. Sidhu earlier said there was no conflict of interest due to his TV work."
Maha govt defends Sanjay Dutt's early release from jail	"The Maharashtra government filed an affidavit in the Bombay High Court on Monday, justifying Sanjay Dutt's early release from?Yerwada Jail after he was convicted for his role in the 1993 blasts case. The affidavit stated that Dutt displayed ""good behaviour, and discipline while in jail"". It also said that he ""performed all allotted work in accordance with prescribed standards""."
Record turnout at India-Pakistan match despite London attack	The India-Pakistan match at Edgbaston, Birmingham, on Sunday saw a record turnout at the venue, despite the London twin attacks. The venue recorded a turnout of 24,156, which was the highest attendance ever for an ODI at the venue. Following the London attacks, security was beefed up in Birmingham, with the Indian team hotel being put under a temporary lockdown.
Planning to move SC challenging Bihar govt formation: Lalu	RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav said on Thursday that he is considering to move the Supreme Court against Governor's decision to invite JD(U) chief Nitish Kumar first to form government in Bihar. Lalu argued that since RJD was the single largest party in Bihar, it should have been invited to form the government.  n
Don't take my tears for weakness: IPS officer Charu Nigam	"Female IPS officer Charu Nigam, who broke down after an argument with a BJP MLA in Gorakhpur, has said her tears should not be mistaken as a sign of her weakness. ""I just did not expect that my SP city Ganesh Saha Sir would outrightly reject the irrational argument and talk about my injury,"" said Nigam in a Facebook post."
Cyber Hub, Leela Hotel change entries to counter liquor ban	Cyber Hub and the Leela Ambience Hotel in Gurgaon have changed their entrances to ensure an increased motorable distance and circumvent the 500-metre liquor ban near highways, according to reports. Several pubs and bars want to change the entrances to their properties, even as the Excise Department said that the process to measure the motorable distance will begin on Wednesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo gets airport named in his honour	The local airport in Cristiano Ronaldo's native Madeira Islands in Portugal was named after the 32-year-old Real Madrid forward on Wednesday. The Real Madrid striker was joined by Portugal's President and the Prime Minister, who unveiled a commemorative plaque outside the terminal entrance, above a bust of Ronaldo. The airport has been renamed to Aeroporto Cristiano Ronaldo.
Delhi man beaten to death for not paying back ?1,500	A 20-year-old man was allegedly beaten to death by three men in Delhi after he sought more time to pay back ?1,500 that he had borrowed from one of them. The accused chased the man even after he scaled a railway station wall. They were arrested by police who spotted them beating up the victim on the railway platform.
Canadian PM Justin Trudeau meets baby Justin Trudeau	Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Saturday came face to face with his namesake as he met the baby of Syrian refugees who was named in his honour. The two-month-old Justin Trudeau Adam Bilan was seen sleeping as the Prime Minister held him. The boy's parents named him as a gesture of thanks to the country that offered them refuge.
Snapdeal to merge with Paytm's e-commerce site: Reports	E-commerce platform Snapdeal is reportedly in talks to merge with Paytm's e-commerce website, called Paytm Mall. According to the report, the deal was initiated by the companies' common investor, China's Alibaba. Japan's SoftBank is also expected to be a major beneficiary of the possible merger, as it reported a loss of ?2,300 crore mainly from its Indian investments including Snapdeal.
Over 10 lakh Muslims sign RSS petition against Triple Talaq	"Over a million Muslims, mostly women, have signed a petition moved by RSS-affiliated Muslim Rashtriya Manch (MRM) against the practice of triple talaq. ""The representatives from the state and the government must come and sit together to start a debate on this so that Muslim women can claim a human status,"" the MRM stated."
Priyanka slammed for alleged lip job in Instagram picture	"Actress Priyanka Chopra was slammed for allegedly getting a lip job, after she shared a picture on Instagram recently. Users claimed that her lips looked fuller than before. A user commented, ""Priyanka Chopra is a plastic beauty"", while another user wrote, ""Why do they even get their lips done. They look so weird.""nn"
West Bengal govt announces relief for note ban 'victims'	"West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has announced relief measures for those affected by the central government's demonetisation policy. Bengal Finance Minister Amit Mitra announced that the state government will provide a one-time grant of ?50,000 to those adversely affected by note ban in order to ""enable them to start an alternative business""."
Woman makes man give to charity for calling her 'available'	"Kerala-based Sreelakshmi Satheesh has said she made a man donate ?25,000 to charity after he shared her number on a WhatsApp group, saying she was available. Men began calling Satheesh, the CEO of an educational consultancy firm, and asking for her ""rate."" Satheesh later discovered who had shared her number and threatened to complain if he didn't donate to charity."
British-Indian professor receives knighthood from Queen	"Shankar Balasubramanian, an Indian-origin British professor has been knighted by Queen Elizabeth II for his contribution to the field of science and medicine. The Herchel Smith Professor of Medicinal Chemistry at Cambridge University was honoured for his work as a co-inventor of Next Generation DNA sequencing. ""His work has spawned an entirely new discipline of Bioinformatics,"" his citation read."
Would have been interested in Test captaincy: James Anderson	"England's leading Test wicket-taker James Anderson has admitted he would've seriously thought about Test captaincy, following Alastair Cook's resignation in February. ""I don't know if I'd have taken the captaincy but it would've been nice to have been considered for it"", the 34-year-old said. He, however, went on to say, ""it makes sense for a younger guy to do it""."
Indian-origin Adobe CEO to receive US Great Immigrants award	Technology major Adobe's CEO Shantanu Narayen and former US Surgeon General Vivek Murthy are the two Indian-Americans among 38 individuals who will be honoured with the Great Immigrants award in the US this year. Narayen, who is originally from Hyderabad, joined Adobe in 1998 and was named one of the world's best CEOs by Barron's magazine in 2016.
J&K coaching centre puts terror victim, comedian's pic in ad	A coaching centre in Jammu and Kashmir's Srinagar has put pictures of a boy killed in a Pakistani school terrorist attack and of a Pakistani-Canadian comedian in a newspaper ad about its successful candidates. While some trolled  the coaching centre on social media, several others raised concerns on whether such coaching centres show fake students in their successful candidates' list.
JK Rowling apologises for tweets against Donald Trump	Harry Potter author JK Rowling has apologised for a series of tweets in which she falsely accused US President Donald Trump of refusing to shake the hand of a child in a wheelchair during an event last week. Rowling was slammed for not removing the tweets from her social media account after her comments were proved to be incorrect.
UAE envoy denies seizure of Dawood Ibrahim's assets	"UAE's envoy to India Ahmed Al Banna has denied media reports claiming that underworld don Dawood Ibrahim's assets worth ?15,000 crore were seized in Dubai. ""A legal process has to be followed in the country for an action against any individual,"" he said. Notably, BJP had also cited the reports claiming the seizure to be PM Narendra Modi's diplomatic masterstroke."
Sales down 25-30% after demonetisation, says Micromax	"Smartphone maker Micromax has said its consumer sales have seen a 25-30% hit in past weeks due to twin impact of demonetisation and seasonal slowdown post Diwali. ""Actually, we guys have got hit far more on the online front because of cash on delivery,"" Micromax said.  The company expects the situation to get better over the next year, Micromax added."
Telco BT fined record ?345 crore for serious breach of rules	"Telecom giant BT has been fined $53 million (?345 crore) for a ""serious breach"" of rules, making it the largest fine imposed on a telco. BT will also have to pay $376 million (?2,440 crore) in compensation to rivals. BT allegedly misused its contracts to cut compensation payments for delays in connecting high-speed business lines to other telcos including Vodafone."
Twitter trolls Kargil martyr's daughter for old campaign pic	"Kargil martyr's daughter Gurmehar Kaur's picture from an old campaign holding placard ""Pakistan did not kill my dad, war killed him"" is being trolled by Twitter users. While one user tweeted Dawood Ibrahim's picture that read, ""I didn't kill people in 1993, bombs killed them"", another posted Rahul Gandhi's photo stating, ""I did not destroy Congress, my speeches did""."
Bakery serving chocolate replicas of old ?500, ?1000 notes	"Kolkata-based bakery 'Krazy for Chocolates' has introduced dark chocolate replicas of the old ?500 and ?1000 notes. The bakery said, ""The base is chocolate and the layout of the notes is painted with edible sugar paint."" People have asked if the chocolates, which cost ?100 each, are edible, and ordered them for their parties and events, the bakery added."
Priyanka Chopra plays Holi with US TV host Jimmy Fallon	"Actress Priyanka Chopra celebrated Holi with TV host Jimmy Fallon on his talk show. Priyanka, who appeared on the show for the third time, said playing Holi with Fallon was fun and made her a ""little less homesick"". She later celebrated the festival with her friends and team in her apartment in New York."
Karisma plans to move in with rumoured boyfriend: Report	As per reports, actress Karisma Kapoor is planning to move in with her rumoured boyfriend Sandeep Toshniwal. Sandeep is reportedly looking for a spacious apartment in Bandra, which he is planning to buy as a gift for Karisma. The two were recently spotted together on their way out of Karisma's sister Kareena Kapoor's house in Bandra, Mumbai.
287 farmers committed suicide in last 3 months: MP govt	The Madhya Pradesh government on Monday apprised the state Assembly that as many as 287 farmers have committed suicide in Madhya Pradesh in the last three months. Earlier, the government had stated 531 farmers/farm labourers had committed suicide between July 1 and November 15, 2016. This has taken the total suicides by farmers to 818 till date from July 2016.
Will target Hindu groups which are killing Muslims: al-Qaeda	"Terrorist group al-Qaeda has said it will target Hindu separatist organisations which are involved in the destruction of mosques and the killing or forced conversion of Muslims. Pledging to target the leadership of India's military, police, secret agencies, al-Qaeda specified to aim ""those officers of the military who have the blood of our Kashmiri brothers on their hands""."
Gopal Ansal surrenders in Uphaar fire tragedy case	Real estate baron Gopal Ansal on Monday surrendered before Tihar jail authorities to face one-year jail term in the 1997 Uphaar fire tragedy case. This comes after the Supreme Court rejected his plea seeking more time to surrender. Notably, 59 persons had died in Uphaar Cinema in Delhi during the screening of Hindi movie 'Border' on June 13, 1997.
Bhupathi's conduct unbecoming of a Davis Cup captain: Paes	"Following Mahesh Bhupathi leaking a Whatsapp conversation between him and Leander Paes, the latter has said Bhupathi's conduct is ""unbecoming of a Davis Cup captain"". ""I can give a detailed rebuttal pointing out how one-sided and convoluted his arguments are. Fans just have to examine who won what for our country. Talk is cheap, history books don't lie,"" he said."
J&K girl who pelted stones wants to play football for India	"Kashmiri girl Afshan Ashique (21), who was photographed while pelting stones at the security forces in the Valley a few days ago, has desired to play football for India. ""We were on our way to the TRC ground for practice when a policeman hurled abuses at us and slapped a girl which enraged me,"" she said."
Fire in electronics factory in Noida kills six	At least six people were killed in a fire that struck an electronic goods factory in Noida's Sector 11 on Wednesday afternoon. The factory's employees claimed that fire tenders reached the spot about 90 minutes after the complaint was registered. Goods estimated to be worth around ?15 crore were destroyed in the fire, which was caused by a short circuit.
13th 'Santa Speedo Run' held in Budapest	The 13th edition of the 'Santa Speedo Run' was recently held in Budapest, with numerous people running through the streets in Santa hats and speedos. The fundraising event has reportedly raised over ?10 crore ($1.6 million) for children in need since the tradition was started in Boston in 2000. The run is also held in Chicago, Toronto, and Atlanta.
Who is Anil Dhasmana, the new RAW chief?	The newly appointed head of Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), Anil Dhasmana, is a Madhya Pradesh cadre IPS officer who joined the external intelligence agency in1993. The 1981-batch officer, who will serve a two-year term, had worked extensively with the agency's Pakistan desk. His areas of expertise are considered to be Balochistan, counter-terrorism and Islamic affairs.
UK election campaigning suspended after terror attack	Campaigning ahead of UK's general election on 8 June has been suspended in the wake of Monday's terrorist attack at Ariana Grande's concert in Manchester. Prime Minister Theresa May will today chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee to discuss the attack. Trains to and from Manchester's Victoria station have also been cancelled until further notice.
Startup makes caterpillar chips, cake to tackle malnutrition	FasoPro, a startup based in African nation Burkina Faso creates products like salted cakes and pepper chips with protein-rich caterpillar powder to tackle malnutrition. The caterpillars, which feed on the leaves of shea trees, are made up of more than 60% protein. The startup was founded by Kahitouo Hien, a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley in 2011.
Early trends indicate Congress lead in Manipur	With the counting of votes underway, the initial trends on Saturday showed Congress taking the lead in Manipur and being closely trailed by BJP. While the trends show Congress leading in 9 seats, BJP is leading in 8 seats. The trends are out for 21 seats out of the total 60 seats. The NPF is leading on 2 seats.
Kohli's captaincy is iron-fisted dictatorship: Shane Watson	Former Australian all-rounder Shane Watson, who has played alongside Virat Kohli for the Royal Challengers Bangalore, has said that the Indian skipper's captaincy is like an iron-fisted dictatorship. Watson also said that he admires the way Kohli rallies behind his troops on the field and how he expects the best from the team just like he does from himself.
Will expose links of Lalu's kin with sand mafia: Bihar Dy CM	"Bihar's newly appointed Deputy CM Sushil Modi said he would soon hold a press conference to ""make a big expose"" on Lalu Prasad's family and RJD's links with sand mafia. The government was committed to taking actions against anyone involved in corruption, he added. RJD's Bihar unit spokesperson dismissed Modi's allegations as ""baseless and absurd""."
Rescue operations at collapsed Mumbai building last 30 hours	Rescue operations at the collapsed four-storey building in Mumbai's Ghatkopar ended on Wednesday after 30 hours, with the death toll rising to 17. Reportedly, 90 fire brigade personnel, 300 rescue workers, and 50 NDRF men participated in the rescue operations. A Shiv Sena leader who owned the building's ground floor was booked over renovations that weakened the building structure.
Mark Zuckerberg is why I?m walking, says Sheryl Sandberg	"Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has said that the social media platform's CEO Mark Zuckerberg is the reason she's still ""walking"" after the death of her husband in 2015. ""When I felt so overwhelmed and so isolated and just needed to cry, I would grab him into his conference room and he would just sit there with me,"" she added.n"
Sunny Leone and her husband adopt baby girl from Maharashtra	"Actress Sunny Leone and her husband Daniel Weber have adopted a baby girl from Latur, Maharashtra. Daniel said that they decided to retain their 21-month-old daughter's name as Nisha as she had already been given the name. Sunny said it did not matter whether Nisha was their biological child while adding, ""For us, it was about starting a family."""
Andhra Minister's son killed in road accident in Hyderabad	Andhra Pradesh Minister P Narayana's son Nishith (23) and his friend Raja Ravi on Wednesday died in a road accident. Nishith was driving a Mercedez Benz car around 3 am when the car hit a metro pillar, police said. However, it's not yet clear if Nishith was drunk as post-mortem results would be out later.
Assam law officer barred from Assembly for taking selfie	Assam Additional Advocate General, Devajit Saikia has been barred from entering the state Assembly for two weeks for allegedly clicking and uploading a selfie on his Facebook page when the house was in session. He was seated in the speaker's gallery. The matter has been forwarded to the Privilege Committee, which will submit a report within two weeks.
Aussies will lose 0-3 if they play well vs India: Harbhajan	"Cricketer Harbhajan Singh has said Australia will lose their upcoming four-match Test series 0-3 ""if they play well"" against India. ""India will win 3-0...That is if Australia play well. Otherwise, 4-0...I don't think this team has the belief to win in these conditions,"" said Harbhajan. The series kicks off on February 23, with the first Test being played in Pune."
Mumbai teen allegedly kills self for 'Blue Whale' challenge	A 14-year-old Mumbai boy killed himself on Saturday after jumping off the terrace of a seven-storey building. Police suspect that the boy was addicted to the online game 'Blue Whale' which demands players to complete 50 tasks in 50 days, with the last task being committing suicide. However, the police is officially yet to find the reason for his suicide.
Relative may sue Johar for false claims in biography: Report	According to reports, a relative of Karan Johar may sue Johar and his book's publisher for false claims in his biography 'An Unsuitable Boy'. Johar wrote that on his father's side, his relatives were halwais (sweet-makers) and only his father was 'educated'. The relative, however, claims that Johar's grandfather was a government employee and his uncle was in the IAS.
T'gana clears bill to increase reservation for Muslims, STs	The Telangana Cabinet on Saturday cleared Telangana State Reservation Bill 2017 that provides 12% reservation to Muslims and 10% reservation to Scheduled Tribes, depending on their population in the state. The existing reservation for Muslims is 4% and for Scheduled Tribes is 6%. The matter requires approval from the Centre, said CM K Chandrasekhar Rao.
Gorkhas demanding separate state protest in Delhi	"Gorkhas demanding a separate state protested outside Delhi's Jantar Mantar on Sunday, as the strike by Gorkha Janmukti Morcha in Darjeeling entered its eighth day. Hundreds of protesters gathered at the monument, with national flags and banners that read, ""We want Gorkhaland"". Meanwhile, Home Minister Rajnath Singh appealed to people to remain calm and peaceful, and not resort to violence."
Kamal Haasan should be TN CM for a day: Director Alphonse	"Filmmaker Alphonse Puthren wrote in a Facebook post that Kamal Haasan should be the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for a day similar to the storyline of the film 'Mudhalvan'. ""[H]ope it happens soon. He would take government to next level with his innovative ideas,"" he added. Alphonse further said if he has said something wrong he should be forgiven."
IT cos ganged up to keep freshers' salary low: Mohandas Pai	"Indian IT giants have ganged up to keep freshers' salaries low, taking advantage of the oversupply of software engineers at entry level, former Infosys board member Mohandas Pai said. ""Companies must increase freshers' salaries and reduce top people's compensation,"" he added. Reports suggest salaries of freshers have increased from ?2.25 lakh to only ?3.5 lakh per annum in 20 years."
Mallya quits as India representative to world motorsport fed	Vijay Mallya has quit as Indian motorsport's representative in the world body FIA after intervention from the sports ministry. The ministry sent a directive to Federation of Motor Sports Club of India, after which Mallya resigned ahead of FIA's World Motor Sport Council's last meeting. FMSCI can now only nominate a new representative to the world body in December.
Tendulkar refused to act when first approached for biopic	"Former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar has revealed that he had refused to act when he was first approached for his biopic 'Sachin: A Billion Dreams' in 2012. ""When Ravi (Bhagchandka, producer) met me...my first reply was, 'But I am not going to act'. I continue to be slightly uncomfortable...That's why I have got other guys to talk about me,"" said Sachin."
Meghalaya MLA absconding after being accused of raping minor	Accused of raping a 14-year-old girl twice, Meghalaya MLA Julius Dorphang has been absconding after a non-bailable warrant was issued against him. The guest house where the rape took place reportedly belonged to state Home Minister HDR Lyngdoh and his son. Dorphang, known to be a militant and the chairman of the banned outfit HNLC, had surrendered in 2007.
Nolan slams Netflix for not releasing its content in cinemas	"Hollywood director Christopher Nolan has slammed video streaming service Netflix for not releasing its movies in cinemas. ""Netflix has a bizarre aversion to supporting theatrical films... [T]hey're not even getting in the game, and I think they're missing a huge opportunity,"" he added. Nolan further said Netflix is being used as a kind of way to shut down cinemas."
Kohli will catch up with Dhoni as captain, says Ravi Shastri	"India head coach Ravi Shastri has said Virat Kohli will match former skipper MS Dhoni's record as captain. ""The way Virat is progressing, he may well catch up with Dhoni. I have been involved with cricket for 35 years as player, commentator and coach. Apart from Sachin Tendulkar, I have never seen anyone break records like Kohli,"" said Shastri."
Froome wins 4th Tour de France, finishes race in under 87hrs	British cyclist Chris Froome won his third consecutive and fourth overall Tour de France, finishing the race in 86 hours 20 minutes 55 seconds in Paris on Sunday. The 32-year-old rider, who finished the event with a 54-second lead, has moved within one win of the all-time record. The 3,540-km 23-day long Grand Tour, featured a total of 198 riders.
Rajasthan won't allow distorting Padmavati history: Minister	"Rajasthan minister Vasudev Devnani said that people of the state won't allow distorting queen Padmavati's history. Referring to Bhansali's film Padmavati's shoot, he added, ""If someone doesn't want to shoot their film here, so be it."" Padmavati's set was vandalised by Karni Sena following reports of a romantic scene between Padmavati (Deepika Padukone) and Alauddin Khilji (Ranveer Singh)."
Serena Williams suggests she is pregnant on Snapchat	USA's 23-time Grand Slam winner Serena Williams on Wednesday suggested in a Snapchat post that she is pregnant with her first child. The former world number one posted a picture of herself in a swimsuit, showing her baby bump, with the caption '20 weeks' before deleting it within minutes. The 35-year-old has been engaged to Reddit Co-founder Alexis Ohanian.
Esha Deol shares picture from her pregnancy photo shoot	"Actress Esha Deol took to Instagram to share a picture with husband Bharat Takhtani from her pregnancy photo shoot in Santorini, Greece. Esha can be seen in a white maxi dress with a Bardot neckline and a floral tiara. ""I'd suggest that every parents-to-be get a maternity shoot done to smile over with their child in later years,"" said Esha."
UK PM May suspends MP over 'n****r in the woodpile' comment	"UK PM Theresa May has suspended Conservative MP Anne Morris after she described the country's departure from the European Union without an agreed deal as ""the real n****r in the woodpile"". Morris was accused of racism for using the N-word and PM May denounced it as ""completely unacceptable"". Morris later apologised for her remark, saying ""the comment was totally unintentional""."
Punjab CM announces ?5 lakh reward for Harmanpreet Kaur	Punjab's Chief Minister Amarinder Singh has announced a ?5 lakh reward for Indian women's team cricketer Harmanpreet Kaur. Singh, who called up Harmanpreet's father Harmandar Singh, also praised Kaur's unbeaten 171-run knock against Australia in the semifinals. The Chief Minister further said he hopes that Kaur would continue to make the country proud with her contributions.
US company sells beer with image of Lord Ganesha	Delhi police has received complaints against US online retailer Lost Coast selling beer with images of Lord Ganesha, a week after officials asked a Czech Republic brewery to remove similar images from its products. The police has also received complaints against US-based apparel maker Yes We Vibe for selling shoes with the Om symbol on them.
Gujarat female teacher shows porn to students, dances naked	A female teacher from Sharda Vidya Mandir in Porbandar, Gujarat, allegedly showed obscene videos to students and danced half-naked in front of them after taking them inside a room. While she threatened the kids against informing their parents, a student complained about it and the police arrested her after confiscating her mobile phone and finding several pornographic clips in it.
Kerala govt to distribute sanitary pads in all schools	Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has announced that the government will distribute sanitary pads to girls in all the schools in the state. Making the announcement about launching the 'She Pad' scheme on Facebook, the CM said that the approximate expenditure for the implementation of the project will come to ?30 crore for five years.
J&K government to provide ?50 lakh to set up football clubs	Jammu and Kashmir's Minister for Youth Services and Sports, Imran Ansari announced on Monday that ?50 lakh will be provided for the establishment of football clubs in villages across the state. The minister also called for keeping sports infrastructure reserved for two days a week exclusively for the girls of the state.
Saif's WhatsApp display picture is of his son Taimur: Report	A photograph of Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan's son Taimur, which is reportedly Saif's display picture on WhatsApp, has surfaced online. However, the authenticity of the photograph could not be verified. In an earlier interview, Kareena had said that Taimur is the most gorgeous man on this side of the equator.
MS Dhoni alleges misuse of name by mobile company	"MS Dhoni has alleged that mobile firm Maxx Mobilink is using his name and projecting him as brand ambassador, despite their contract being terminated in 2012. In a 2014 order, the Delhi High Court had directed the company to ""refrain from selling any products"" using Dhoni's name. Dhoni also alleged the company had defaulted on paying the cricketer his dues."
Army jawan, 8-year-old girl killed in firing by Pakistan	An Army jawan, Naik Muddasar Ahmed, and an 8-year-old girl were today killed in Poonch sector of Jammu and Kashmir in the latest firing by Pakistan along the Line of Control (LoC). According to the police, another woman was also injured during the mortar shelling in Panjgraian village on the LoC and has been shifted to Rajouri hospital for treatment.
Certain leaders should be hanged: Congress' outgoing MLA	"Vishwajit Rane, Congress MLA from Valpoi and leader of opposition in the outgoing Goa Assembly, has announced he is quitting the party. Rane slammed the way Congress failed to form a majority in Goa despite emerging as the single-largest party with 17 seats. He said, ""Certain senior leaders should be hanged, those who scuttled the demands of the Goa Forward."""
PM Modi features on Government of India calendar for 2017	Prime Minister Narendra Modi has featured on the Government of India 2017 calendar, released by the Press Information Bureau. The calendar features candid pictures, with each month representing the issues that Modi has worked for. The photos depict the Prime Minister's participation in campaigns including 'Swachh Bharat', 'Sashakt Nari, Sashakt Bharat', and 'MSME: India's economic backbone'.
99% donated player brains had degenerative brain disease	A research conducted on the donated brains of 111 NFL players has found that 99% of them showed symptoms of a degenerative brain disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). The study also found that the disease was increasingly severe in players who had spent more time on the field.
Australia's pace attack could decide Ashes series: Brett Lee	"Former Australian pacer Brett Lee has said that the Australian pace attack could prove to be the difference between England and Australia in this year's Ashes series. ""It's a pretty serious pace barrage that you've got. Australian bowling stocks now are pretty healthy"", Lee said about the Australian Test team's pace attack."
?60 cr cash, 245 kg gold seized at 10 airports post note ban	The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) has seized over ?60 crore cash and gold weighing 245 kg from 10 major airports across the country since the demonetisation move. All of the currency seized is in the scrapped notes of ?500 and ?1,000 denomination. The seizures were made at Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Guwahati, Chennai, and Patna airports, among others.
Switzerland warns it can suspend black money info exchange	Following India's agreement on automatic exchange of information from next year about suspected black money hoarders in Swiss banks, Switzerland said it can suspend such exchange if confidentiality is not maintained. Further, the Swiss agency, mandated to defend the interests of Switzerland on international financial matters, said steps will be taken to ensure exchanged data doesn't get misused.
Aussie players sledged me during warm-up game: Shreyas Iyer	"India A batsman Shreyas Iyer has said he was sledged by Australian wicketkeeper Matthew Wade and David Warner on the second day of the ongoing practice match. ""They started to sledge and said 'this guy does not have defence, he can play only attacking shots',"" said Iyer. ""I am used to this type of sledging,"" the batsman added."
Sachin's coach Ramakant Achrekar felicitated on Guru Purnima	Sachin Tendulkar's childhood coach Ramakant Achrekar was felicitated in Mumbai on the occasion of Guru Purnima on Sunday. The event was attended by Achrekar's former proteges including Vinod Kambli, Pravin Amre and Sameer Dighe. Sachin could not make it to the event since he was out of the country, but thanked his coach through a Twitter post.
Biker stabbed 4 times for brushing past scooty in Delhi	A 28-year-old Delhi man was allegedly stabbed four times by a group of youths after he got into an argument for brushing past their scooty earlier that day. The man was reportedly treated and later discharged. A case of attempt to murder has been registered and the police are looking for the accused.
Bomb threat hours before 1993 Mumbai blasts case sentencing	Hours before the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts accused were to be sentenced on Friday, the Mumbai Police control room received a bomb threat. The caller said a person named Manoj would trigger several bombs. Policemen identified the caller as 27-year-old Abhimanyu, who was drunk and had wanted to punish his friend Manoj for owing him money from a drinking session.
Man accused of raping, killing 8-year-old lynched by mob	In the second such instance in a week, a man accused of raping and killing an eight-year-old was beaten to death by a mob in Dumka district of Jharkhand on Wednesday. The deceased, Mithun Hansda, was drunk when he allegedly misbehaved with several girls before abducting one of them. The villagers later tied him to a tree and thrashed him.
Elected govt must have power: SC on AAP govt?s plea	The Supreme Court, while hearing an AAP government's petition on Wednesday over the Delhi's statehood issue, said that an elected government should have some power to run, otherwise the government cannot function. CM Arvind Kejriwal had challenged the Delhi HC's order that stated the administrative head of the city is the Lieutenant Governor.
World Bank clears $250 mn loan to train Indian job seekers	The World Bank has cleared a $250-million (over ?1,610 crore) loan for making Indians more employable through re-skilling, under the government's Skill India mission. The programme is targetted at people between 15-59 years of age who are underemployed and unemployed. It also mandates the provision of entrepreneurship opportunities to women and to increase their exposure to skill training.
Jaipur bank CEO goes missing after I-T raid, ?1.56 cr seized	The Chief Executive Officer of a Jaipur co-operative bank, Keshav Badaya, went missing after officials of the Income Tax department raided several Jaipur-based branches of the bank. As much as ?1.56 crore in cash and jewellery worth ?50 lakh have been seized from the bank's premises. Some bank officials said Badaya was missing since the raids began on Friday night.
Pak Opp'n calls for real democracy post Sharif's dismissal	"Pakistan's Opposition leader Imran Khan has called for a future of ""real democracy"" in the country, following the dismissal of Nawaz Sharif as the Prime Minister by the country's Supreme Court. ""This is not a democracy but monarchy. And that is why Pakistan has been left behind developed nations,"" Khan who led a campaign to oust Sharif said."
Father-son shot dead after a spat over air cooler in Delhi	A father-son duo, who were owners of a roadside eatery in Delhi's Najafgarh, were shot dead by four people on Wednesday, following an argument over the direction of air-cooler. Reportedly, the accused had insisted on turning the cooler vent to their direction after which they shot the owners when they rejected their demand, saying other customers also required the cooler.
TVF CEO Arunabh resigns amid sexual harassment allegations	"Online entertainment startup The Viral Fever Founder and CEO Arunabh Kumar on Friday stepped down from his role following multiple sexual harassment allegations against him by former female employees. ""Whatever has happened in the past three months has mentally & emotionally drained me...Therefore I've decided to step down,"" said Kumar. TVF COO Dhawal Gusain has been appointed the new CEO."
Telangana caps school bag weight for students	The Telangana School Education Department on Tuesday issued an order capping the weight of school bags for students in primary, upper primary and high schools. The order directed school managements to ensure that the weight of a bag does not exceed 5 kilograms for class 10 students. Reportedly, students in Telangana have been carrying bags weighing 6 to 17 kgs.
I felt angry after watching Lipstick Under My Burkha: Ekta	"Film-television producer Ekta Kapoor has said that she felt angry after watching the film Lipstick Under My Burkha. She added, ""I saw the film and realised we really live in a world where as women we are not allowed to do or say anything."" Notably, the film will be distributed by Ekta Kapoor's ALT Balaji and Balaji Motion Pictures."
Farmers file complaint against Met dept for wrong forecast	Farmers from a village in Maharashtra have lodged a police complaint against the Meteorological Department for giving a wrong seasonal forecast. The farmers accused the department of colluding with seed and pesticide manufacturers and inflating the monsoon forecast figures. They said they spent lakhs of rupees in the sowing process as the IMD forecasted ample rains in this Kharif season.
BSF lets Pak boy, who crossed border mistakenly, return home	The Border Security Force (BSF) on Saturday handed over a 15-year-old boy on humanitarian grounds to Pakistan authorities after he strayed into the Indian territory. The boy, Razak Mai, reportedly crossed over the International Border from Punjab's Abohar sector by mistake and was apprehended on Friday. The BSF this year handed over six other Pakistani nationals who had crossed over.
Considering visa application of Kulbhushan's mother: Pak	"Pakistan on Thursday said it was considering India's request for the grant of visa to the mother of Kulbhushan Jadhav for a visit to meet her son, who was sentenced to death for ""spying"". This comes days after Union Minister Sushma Swaraj slammed her Pakistani counterpart Sartaj Aziz for ""not showing the courtesy to acknowledge"" her letter on the matter."
Inn bando mein dum hai: Ranbir on SRK, Big B, Aamir, Salman	"Actor Ranbir Kapoor, while talking about Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan, Aamir Khan and Salman Khan, said, ""Inn bando mein dum hai"" (These guys have the spunk). ""Earlier, I could brashly and immaturely say that I'm going to be better than them. But it's not easy to be better than them... I bow down to them,"" added Ranbir."
Diesel cars 10 times more toxic than trucks and buses: Study	According to a recent European study, diesel cars are 10 times more toxic than diesel trucks and buses due to stricter European Union testing standards applied to larger vehicles. Nitrogen oxide emissions per kilometre for diesel cars were found to be double that of heavy-duty vehicles. Diesel cars emit about six times more toxic gases than allowed, the study claimed.
Railways to put up CCTVs at 983 stations using Nirbhaya fund	The Indian Railways will install about 19,000 CCTVs at 983 stations at a cost of ?500 crore using Nirbhaya fund. At present, out of about 8,000 stations, 344 have already been provided with CCTVs. Besides stations, important trains will also be equipped with CCTVs. The Centre had created Nirbhaya fund with ?1,000 crore in 2013 after December 16 gang-rape incident.n
Best b'day gift was when my dad gifted me my first car: Huma	Actress Huma Qureshi, who turned 31 on Friday, said that the best birthday gift she ever got was her first car gifted by her father when she was in college. Huma made her acting debut with Anurag Kashyap's 'Gangs of Wasseypur' opposite Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Known for films like 'Dedh Ishqiya' and 'Badlapur', her latest Bollywood release was 'Jolly LLB 2'.
Video shows BJP leader kissing woman in moving bus	A video of Maharashtra BJP leader Ravindra Bawanthade kissing a woman in a moving bus has surfaced, following which the woman has filed a rape case against the man. The woman told the police that Bawanthade had promised that he will marry her and also get her a job. Ever since the video went viral, the politician has been absconding.
My father and I have a crush on Tabu: Ayushmann Khurrana	"Actor Ayushmann Khurrana, while discussing his upcoming film starring Tabu, said, ""Oh my God, she is stunning. My father and I both have a crush on her."" Ayushmann and Tabu will be working together in a thriller directed by Sriram Raghavan. The shoot for the movie is scheduled to start in June."
Budget on Feb 1 beginning of a new tradition: PM Modi	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that the advancement of Budget presentation to February 1 and the Rail Budget being incorporated into it is the beginning of a new tradition. ""Everyone would remember that earlier budget used to take place at 5 pm. This practice was changed during former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's time,"" Modi added."
Cyber crooks target govt's BHIM app, steal ?45 lakh	UP's Special Task Force has arrested two people who allegedly duped nine individuals, withdrawing over ?45 lakh from their accounts by exploiting loopholes in the government's BHIM app. One of the accused allegedly leaked debit card numbers and other details to carry out 240 transactions over 40 days. A former Axis Bank employee was among the two arrested.
Geelani's kin, 6 J&K separatists held over terror funding	The National Investigation Agency has arrested Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani's son-in-law Altaf Shah and six other Kashmiri separatists in a probe linked to terrorist funding. The agency is probing if funds from Pakistan were used to fuel the unrest triggered by terrorist Burhan Wani's death last year that left 100 people dead in the Kashmir Valley.
Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose died in 1945 plane crash: Govt	Responding to an RTI query on Subhash Chandra Bose, the Central government has said Netaji died in a plane crash in 1945. The Ministry of Home Affairs further clarified that man named Gumnamibaba or Bhagwanji, who was rumoured to be Bose reportedly living incognito in Uttar Pradesh till 1985, was not the nationalist leader himself.
SA defeat Eng by 340 runs to earn their 4th biggest Test win	South Africa on Monday defeated England by 340 runs in the second Test, producing their fourth biggest win in terms of runs in Test cricket history. With the win, South Africa levelled the four-match Test series 1-1. The Test marked only the third time in last 35 years that England's both innings lasted for less than 100 overs in a home Test.
217 farmers committed suicide in Maharashtra in June	As many 217 Maharashtra farmers committed suicide in June, bringing the total farmer suicides in the state over the last six months to 1,327. The Vidarbha region recorded the highest number of suicides in Maharashtra, with 629 farmers committing suicide in the past six months. Notably, the state had announced a complete loan waiver for small farmers on June 11.
Assam govt changes names of all major roads of Guwahati	The BJP-led Assam government on Thursday changed the names of all the major roads of Guwahati. The existing names were in use since the colonial times, hence we decided to change them, said Assam Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma. While GS Road has been renamed as Mahapurush Srimanta Sankerdev Path, Beltola-Khanapara Road is renamed as Peer Azan Fakir Road.
SC denies abortion to 32-week pregnant 10-yr-old rape victim	The Supreme Court on Friday dismissed a plea seeking its nod for terminating the 32-week-old pregnancy of a 10-year-old rape victim. The SC made the decision after taking note of a medical report stating that abortion was neither good for the girl nor the foetus. It is prohibited to terminate any pregnancy in India after 20 weeks without court's permission.n
Digital transactions worth ?12,000 cr carried out every year	The government has said digital transactions worth ?12,000 crore were carried out every year and added that fraudulent transactions among these were low. Adding that digital payments will be made more secure, Minister for Electronics and Information Technology Ravi Shankar Prasad said the number of fraudulent transactions was between 0.005% and 0.007% for March, April, and May 2017.
MNS workers attack Zara outlet for selling Pakistani clothes	"Protesting against the death sentence awarded to Kulbhushan Jadhav by a Pakistani court, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) workers on Tuesday vandalised a Zara showroom and threw clothes that had Pakistan's tag. ""We had written letters to them asking them not to sell Pakistani brands. Other stores in areas like Juhu had acceded to our request,"" said MNS leader Rita Gupta."
Won't allow CM's Jallikattu event, assert Madurai locals	Terming Tamil Nadu government's ordinance to allow Jallikattu as a temporary solution, residents of Alanganallur in Madurai have vowed to not allow the conduct of the festival. Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam was scheduled to inaugurate the bull-taming festival from Alanganallur on Sunday. Panneerselvam had earlier promised to pass a new law in the upcoming Assembly session allowing Jallikattu.
Nehra talks about his 'scooter days' with Virender Sehwag	"Ashish Nehra has shared anecdotes from his early cricketing days with Virender Sehwag, when both of them would go to Delhi's Feroz Shah Kotla stadium on a scooter. ""Viru would come to my house early and wake me up...He would drive to the ground while I would nap, and I would drive back on the return journey.,"" said Nehra."
Govt plans to penalise those found guilty of polluting Ganga	"The NDA government is planning a Ganga Act to penalise those found guilty of polluting the Ganga river. ""I want to ensure cleanliness (Nirmalta) and uninterrupted flow (avirlta) of Ganga from its origin till its submerge into the sea,"" Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti has said. Once it is finalised, the bill will be taken up for the Cabinet's nod."
World champion knocked out after kick to head, cries later	UFC light heavyweight world champion Daniel Cormier lost his title to Jon Jones after getting knocked out by a head kick in third round at UFC 214. Following the loss, the 38-year-old broke down and was also seen crying on his coach's shoulders. It was Cormier's second loss of his MMA career, with the first also having come against Jones.
Priest, nuns accused of covering up minor's rape surrender	Days after the arrest of Father Robin Vadakkumchery in connection with the alleged rape of a minor girl in Kerala's Kannur, a priest and two nuns accused of covering up the matter surrendered before the police on Friday. The rape survivor gave birth to a child after being raped by the 48-year-old priest, who was arrested on February 28.
Saudi Arabia blacklists Qatari charity groups over terrorism	"Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain and Egypt on Tuesday blacklisted nine charity groups and nine individuals with ties to Yemen, Qatar and Libya, labelling them ""terrorist"" over suspected ties to Islamist extremism. This comes amid the ongoing Qatar crisis in which the Arab states suspended diplomatic ties with Qatar last month, accusing it of supporting terrorism.n"
Cyclone Vardah makes landfall near Chennai	Cyclone Vardah made its landfall near Chennai, Tamil Nadu, on Monday and all flight operations at the city airport have been suspended until 9PM. According to officials, over 4,600 people living in low-lying areas have been shifted to relief camps in Chennai, Kanchipuram, Thiruvallur, and Villupuram. The National Disaster Response Force and the armed forces have been put on alert.
My father caught me making out with a boy in school: Sunny	"Actress Sunny Leone has revealed that her father once caught her making out with a boy in school. ""I was sitting on his lap...and heard my Dad walking down the hallway, I was like, 'Oh my god, my dad just caught me making out with this boy,'"" she added. Sunny called the drive back home with her father the worst."
Why don't they raid Amit Shah and others, asks Mamata	"Reacting to Income Tax raids conducted at Tamil Nadu Chief Secretary P Rama Mohan Rao's residence, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee said, ""Why don't they raid Amit Shah and others who are collecting money?"" Banerjee further said, ""While corruption needs to be condemned, raid on TN Chief Secretary by Central agencies devalues the institution of the head of civil services."""
Muslim family donates its land for a temple in Bihar	"A Muslim family in Bihar has reportedly donated its land, which it had purchased for ?12 lakh a few months ago for setting up a business, for the upgradation of a temple. ""It is a gesture for communal harmony. We have decided to donate land for a good cause. All religions are the same,"" one of the family members said."
Shia LaBeouf apologises for insulting cops who arrested him	"'Transformers' actor Shia LaBeouf has apologised on Twitter for hurling insults at policemen who arrested him on charges of disorderly conduct and public intoxication on Saturday. The apology comes after videos of the actor verbally abusing policemen were posted online. He had accused police of being racist and also threatened them by saying he has several ""millionaire lawyers""."
House where Hitler was born to be turned into charity	The house in Austria, where Adolf Hitler was born will be turned into the headquarters of a charity for the disabled. This comes after the Austrian Parliament passed a law on Wednesday, allowing the authorities to seize it from its current owner. Owner Gerlinde Pommer had refused to sell the house for years, and once operated it as a guesthouse.
Tightening visa norms blessing in disguise for IT firms: Pai	"Former Infosys director Mohandas Pai has said the tightening of the US H-1B visa rules is a ""blessing in disguise"" for Indian IT firms. ""I don't think they need to be scared or anything,"" he stated. The new regulations would play to Indian IT companies' strength because they have been reducing the number of H1-B visas since 2014, Pai added."
Kumar Mangalam Birla took ?22.5 crore salary from UltraTech	Cement major UltraTech's Chairman and Non-Executive Director Kumar Mangalam Birla received an annual remuneration of ?22.50 crore in 2016-17. Birla's remuneration from UltraTech saw an increase of 18.2% from the previous financial year. Notably, his remuneration was in contrast to just ?3.3 lakh he earned from his group's telecom arm Idea Cellular.
Chinese parts passed off as German-made in Bofors guns: CBI	CBI has filed a case against a Delhi-based company for using cheap China-made parts passed off as German-made in the production of indigenised Bofors guns used by the army. The CBI alleged that the company entered into criminal conspiracy with some officials to supply duplicate spare parts. Later tests found the bearings unacceptable due to deviations in dimensions.
Video: Cows enter shopping mall in Russia	A video of cows strolling through a shopping mall in the Russian city of Surgut has emerged online. The cows can be seen entering the mall from the parking lot via automatic glass doors while customers laugh in the background. According to reports, the shopkeepers were unhappy with the incident.
Fake ?100 notes seized from two persons with ISI links	Delhi Police has reportedly arrested two persons with ISI links and seized ?6 lakh in fake ?100 notes from them. The accused were trying to smuggle these notes from Nepal to India, as per reports. While the module was busted by the Border Security Force and National Investigation Agency, the Delhi Police made the seizure from Delhi's Sonia Vihar.
DU hostel asks residents to show up in 'proper' dress	"The Delhi University's Department of Social Work (DSW) hostel has asked residents to wear ""proper dress"" while in the co-ed common room. However, the head of DSW and provost of the hostel, Prof Neera Agnimitra, said that some girl students had complained about some ""improperly dressed"" male students sleeping in the common room after two air conditioners were installed there."
Digvijaya writes Rajiv Gandhi as Rahul Gandhi in a tweet	"Congress General Secretary Digvijaya Singh mistakenly wrote 'Rajiv Gandhi Cabinet' as 'Rahul Gandhi Cabinet' in a tweet on March 27. ""Rajkumari Ratna Singh ex-MP is the daughter of Raja Dinesh Singh ji who was a Cabinet Minister in Indira Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi Cabinet,"" Singh tweeted. After being trolled by Twitter users, Singh deleted the post and published correct tweet."
SRCC student slaps professor after scoring low marks	A student from Delhi University's SRCC has slapped and physically assaulted his professor over being awarded low marks in the internals. The student also reportedly kicked the professor's car in front of the college principal RP Rustagi. The professor has left for Haryana following the incident after filing an FIR against the student.
Bookies lost ?2500 cr after India's loss to Pakistan: Report	Bookmakers reportedly lost up to ?2,500 crore following India's loss to Pakistan in the Champions Trophy final on Sunday. As per reports, almost 50-60% punters from India and other nations, including Gulf countries, had placed their money on India, with 90% of them being Indian bookies. The odds were initially in favour of India at 80 paise for every rupee.
?50,000 fine for dumping waste in river Ganga	The National Green Tribunal on Thursday ordered that a penalty of ?50,000 will be imposed for dumping waste in river Ganga on the stretch between Haridwar and Unnao. Directing the authorities that no waste dumping should be allowed within 500 metres of Ganga, the NGT said that 100 metres from the edge of Ganga should be declared a no-development zone.
Maharashtra Assembly passes bill to allow bullock cart races	The Maharashtra Assembly on Thursday passed a bill to amend the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act to legalise bullock cart races in the state. The amendment is aimed at ensuring the preservation of native breeds of bulls, reports said. Earlier, Tamil Nadu had passed a similar bill to overturn a Supreme Court-ordered ban on the bull-taming sport of Jallikattu.
NIT Srinagar site hacked, hackers demand 'Free Kashmir'	"The website of National Institute of Technology, Srinagar, was hacked on Monday, with hackers posting ""Free Kashmir"" and anti-Indian Army messages. The portal was hacked by a group named Team Pak Cyber Skullz, who also posted messages demanding the removal of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister. ""Freedom from the evil of the Indian Military,"" one of the posts read."
Mumbai Congress members get tattoos calling PM Modi corrupt	"Around 50 Congress party members in Mumbai got tattoos on their hands to protest against the Centre's demonetisation move. The tattoos read, 'humara pradhan mantri rishwatkhor hai' (Our Prime Minister is corrupt). ""It is our way to protest against PM who is still silent on such serious charges,"" said Mumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam."
Homeless minor gives birth to premature baby born of rapists	A 15-year-old homeless girl gave birth to a premature baby after being admitted to a hospital by the police, according to reports. The minor was found lying unconscious on a pavement near Mayur Vihar-I Metro station in east Delhi. Reportedly, the orphan was gangraped multiple times allegedly by a group of five teenagers near the metro station.
Mumbai education society digitises 7 schools and colleges	"Mumbai's Rizvi Education Society has reportedly digitised seven schools and colleges in its first phase of digital transformation. It has introduced paperless admissions and biometric entry for students among others. Authorities said the parents are ""happy"" as they can check their child's attendance on an app. It reportedly plans to start online checking of exam papers in the second phase."
Widow of IAF pilot received pension after waiting for 55 yrs	A 95-year-old widow of an Indian Air Force pilot, who died in a plane crash in 1962, waited 55 years to get the due special pension. In 2004, her appeal got rejected, saying her husband had already availed the insurance benefits. A military court finally gave her the special pension, which is for widows of officers who died on duty.
2.5L tourists visit Kashmir Valley during 1st quarter of '17	According to reports, 2.5 lakh tourists visited Kashmir Valley during the first quarter of this year while 3.5 lakh tourists visited the Valley during the same period in 2016. Eleven lakh tourists visited Kashmir Valley between January-July 2016. Following the death of Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani, the number fell to one lakh for the remainder of 2016.
He has finally taken a stand: Ex-Bihar CM on Nitish Kumar	"Former Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi has said that JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar has finally taken a stand, and should now support BJP. This comes after Nitish Kumar resigned as Bihar Chief Minister citing a crisis in the ruling Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance, and PM Narendra Modi congratulated Kumar for joining the ""fight against corruption""."
Kajol shares picture with the first lady of Malaysia	"Actress Kajol has shared a picture with Rosmah Mansor, the first lady of Malaysia, on her social media which she captioned, ""One more for the women's club"". Kajol is in Malaysia to promote her upcoming film 'VIP 2' with Dhanush. Soundarya Rajinikanth, who has directed the film, can also be seen in the picture. n"
Kotak Mahindra Bank manager took ?1.5 cr to convert ?35 cr	A Kotak Mahindra Bank branch manager arrested on Wednesday, Ashish Kumar, took ?1.5 crore to convert ?35 crore demonetised currency of Delhi-based lawyer Rohit Tandon, said the Enforcement Directorate. The bank has suspended the services of the manager. Earlier in December, two people were arrested for opening fake accounts in the branch with unaccounted deposits totalling ?34 crore.
Indian footballer sacked from day job due to poor attendance	"Indian footballer CK Vineeth has been sacked from his auditing job at the Principal Accountant General's office in Thiruvananthapuram reportedly due to low attendance. Vineeth had been unable to attend office regularly due to his training schedule and matches. ""I got this job through football. More than the job, my game is important,"" said Vineeth."
Who is KK Venugopal, the new Attorney General of India?	KK Venugopal, India's new Attorney General, is a senior Supreme Court advocate who hails from Kerala. The 86-year-old started his legal career in Mysore in 1954, before practising at the Madras High Court under his father. He grew up in Mangalore and studied law at Raja Lakhamgouda Law College, Karnataka. He was conferred with the Padma Vibhushan in 2015.
Andhra capital will be bigger, better than Hyderabad: CM	"Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday said he will build a ""bigger, better city"" in Amaravati, the Andhra capital, than Hyderabad when the latter becomes the capital of Telangana in 2024. ""People should remember me forever. I will make an Andhra Pradesh model,"" he added. Notably, Hyderabad will be the shared capital between the two states till 2024."
Rajkummar Rao starrer 'Trapped' hits the theatres	"The Rajkummar Rao starrer 'Trapped' which released on Friday ""manages to grippingly hold your attention with...an underwhelming setting..."", wrote Mid-Day. ""The film is compelling but it could have been more cleverly plotted"", wrote NDTV while India Today said ""Rajkummar Rao and his terrific act deserve a watch"". It was rated 4/5 (Mid-Day), 3.5/5 (NDTV, India Today)."
Upset over frivolous petitions in SC, CJI imposes fines	"Upset over frivolous petitions being filed in the Supreme Court, Chief Justice JS Khehar on Friday imposed a fine of ?10 lakh on a Bihar MLA and ?1 lakh on a Maharashtra professor. ""Look at my white beard. After reading all this I feel tired also. So please,"" he said. Notably, SC has a backlog of over 61,000 cases."
Not like I bought the car and took Kriti for a ride: Sushant	"Sushant Singh Rajput has said he didn't take rumoured girlfriend Kriti Sanon on a ride as soon as he bought his new car. ""I had taken the car out for a spin alone the day it was delivered. Nobody clicked any pictures then,"" he added. Sushant further said he and Kriti are good friends and the dating rumours are untrue."
Mumbai may get second underground Metro	"The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) is planning to introduce a second underground metro in the city by extending the Wadala Metro 4 route by 8 kilometres, up to General Post Office. ""The corridor will be taken underground wherever we can't make it elevated. A detailed report is expected in September,"" MMRDA officials said."
Have waited patiently, will do what is required: Sasikala	AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala has said that the party has waited patiently till now and will do what is required after a point ? a statement reportedly being seen as a threat to the Governor. Sasikala has also said the delay seems deliberate and hinted that as time goes by, her grip over the herded MLAs was slipping.
Bana, who tweets about Syrian war, writes letter to Trump	"Bana Alabed, the seven-year-old girl who tweets about the war in Syria, has written an open letter to United States President Donald Trump. The letter says, ""You must do something for the children of Syria because they are like your children and deserve peace like you."" Alabed, who was recently evacuated to Turkey, has termed Aleppo the ""city of death."""
Maoists to target Modi during election rallies: Intelligence	The central intelligence agencies have reportedly said that top BJP leaders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, are the targets of Maoists during election rallies for the upcoming Assembly polls. The Maoists have also suggested to carry out serial IED blasts in Uttar Pradesh by deploying 'suitable cadres' from outside. The intelligence has briefed Special Protection Group in this regard.
Malaika Arora and Arbaaz Khan's divorce finalised	Malaika Arora and Arbaaz Khan were legally granted a divorce by the Bandra family court on Wednesday. The couple, who was married for 18 years, filed for divorce in November by mutual consent. The custody of their son Arhaan will reportedly remain with Malaika, while Arbaaz will have visitation rights whenever he wants.
Rishabh Pant becomes India's youngest T20I debutant	Opener Rishabh Pant, who is making his international debut in the T20I against England at Bengaluru on Wednesday, has become India's youngest T20I debutant. Rishabh, aged 19 years, 120 days, has gone past Ishant Sharma, who made his India T20I debut aged 19 years, 152 days. Rishabh was selected after scoring a triple century in the Ranji Trophy this season.
Veeram's song 'We Will Rise' shortlisted for Oscars 2017	"'We Will Rise', an English song from the Kunal Kapoor starrer Indian film 'Veeram', has been shortlisted among 91 songs to compete for the Original Song category at Oscars 2017. ""I am proud to lead an Indian Film Production Company which... achieved the unique distinction of being shortlisted for an Oscar nomination for its English song,"" said director Jayaraj Nair."
?19,000 crore black money found in HSBC, Panama leak probes	Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the Income Tax department has detected over ?19,000 crore in black money following investigations into global leaks including Panama papers and HSBC account holders in Switzerland. He further said that the government has commissioned a study on estimation of unaccounted income and wealth inside and outside the country.
David and Victoria Beckham to move into ?36 crore mansion	Former footballer David Beckham and his wife Victoria are set to move into their new country mansion worth ?5 million (over ?36 crore) in England, according to reports. The couple will move into the nine-bedroom mansion and leave their current home in Holland Park. Their new mansion features a triple garage, two large courtyards and an apple orchard.
Fault not with EVMs, but with Kejriwal: BJP	"With Delhi witnessing polling for its civic body today, the BJP slammed Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal for his rant on Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) tampering, saying, ""Fault is not in EVMs, but in Kejriwal's leadership."" BJP leader Sambit Patra said, ""Kejriwal's language shows that he is frustrated. He went to Goa and Punjab to become CM, now he is nowhere."""
Sara made dad Saif, Kareena break no-kissing policy: Reports	According to reports, Saif Ali Khan's daughter Sara made Saif and Kareena drop their no-kissing clause from film contracts. Sara reportedly said that with the kind of films and characters Bollywood is venturing into, kissing is like any other scene. While Saif had an on-screen kiss in Rangoon, Kareena had a kissing scene in Ki & Ka.
Indians applying for Green Card have 12-year waiting list	"According to a report, there is a 12-year-long waiting period for Indians applying for permanent residency, also known as Green Card in the United States as skilled employees. ""In other words, the government currently is processing applications filed in May of 2005,"" the report said. However, India is also among the top countries whose residents get Green Cards every year."
"BJP moves poll panel over Rahul's ""hand of God"" remark"	"The BJP on Tuesday demanded that the Election Commission freeze the election symbol of the Congress, alleging that its Vice President Rahul Gandhi violated the model code of conduct by linking his party symbol ""hand"" with various religious figures. ""This is a clear-cut case of corrupt practice. There should be action against both Congress and its leader,"" the BJP said."
Hotel staff to get training to spot signs of sex trafficking	Hotels in Maharashtra will train their staff to spot signs of sex trafficking, including frequent requests for bed linen changes and 'Do not disturb' signs left on room doors for days. A mobile phone app called Rescue Me, which will allow staff to alert police of suspicious behaviour, will be developed. The initiative has been backed by the Maharashtra government.
Employers can ban staff from wearing headscarves: EU court	Employers may bar staff from wearing visible religious symbols, including women wearing Islamic headscarves at work, European Court of Justice ruled on Tuesday. However, customers cannot demand that workers remove headscarves if the company has no policy barring religious symbols, it stated. Notably, this is the EU court's first decision on the issue of women wearing Islamic headscarves at work.
Use social media to promote welfare schemes: PM to BJP MPs	During his meeting with BJP MPs, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked them to use social media to its maximum potential to popularise the government's social welfare schemes. PM Modi further asked them to keep in touch with their respective constituencies, and not let the people feel that they don't meet their elected representative.
Taimur has his mother Kareena's pout: Priyanka Chopra	"Priyanka Chopra has said that Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan Pataudi is a beautiful baby, who has his mother's pout. Priyanka also slammed those who criticised the baby's name. She added, ""I definitely think it is no one's business what a family decides to do and what happens within the four walls of their house."""
Baby girl delivered by two Delhi policemen in PCR van	"A baby girl was delivered by two male police officers in a PCR van after a woman went into labour at Old Delhi Railway Station recently. ""While taking her to the hospital, her water broke and we had to get the baby delivered in the van itself,"" Inspector said. The mother and daughter were declared in good health."
Women arrested in Delhi for smuggling gold in form of wires	Two women have reportedly been arrested at Indira Gandhi International Airport for trying to smuggle in gold, worth ?27 lakh, moulded in the form of wires. The women were returning from Bangkok and the wires were hidden in the lining of their suitcases. It is now being probed whether the accused are part of a bigger racket.
Boxer Amir Khan attacked and chased by gang in Manchester	British-Pakistani boxer Amir Khan was attacked by a gang and was reportedly chased by them after getting involved in a road-rage incident in Manchester. The boxer had taken a wrong turn which caused the car behind him to crash into his Range Rover. In 2012 Amir was targeted by a gang who tried stealing his ?81-lakh Range Rover.
Human embryos edited to stop deadly disease for the 1st time	Scientists, for the first time, successfully freed embryos of a piece of faulty DNA that causes a fatal heart disease to run in families. The disease, called hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, causes the heart to stop suddenly and is the result of an error in a single gene. The breakthrough could lead to preventing 10,000 disorders that are passed down the generations.
Was quite nervous doing intimate scenes 1st time: Nawazuddin	"Actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui has revealed that he did intimate scenes for the first time in the upcoming film Babumoshai Bandookbaaz. He added, ""You feel good and nervous at the same time... It's not that fun when you are doing a [love-making] scene."" Directed by Kushan Nandy, Nawazuddin will reportedly be seen playing the role of a shooter in the film."
Polling for 227 BMC seats underway in Maharashtra	Polling for Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) election is going on in Maharashtra on Tuesday as 2,275 candidates are contesting the polls for its 227 seats. Considered as the biggest municipal corporation in the country, BMC is witnessing a multi-cornered fight between BJP, Shiv Sena, NCP, Congress, MNS, Samajwadi Party, BSP and others. The results will be declared on February 23.
Stray dog mauls 3 students outside school in Ghaziabad	A stray dog on Thursday mauled three junior class students outside a Ghaziabad school when they were heading towards their transport vehicles. Members of the People for Animals said they had picked up the stray dog and suspect it was suffering from rabies. Residents claimed to have often taken up the issue with the municipal corporation, but the menace continues.
Sasikala?s husband alleges BJP trying to destabilise TN govt	"AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala's husband M Natarajan on Monday accused the BJP of trying to destabilise the Tamil Nadu government. ""There are also attempts to saffronise Tamil Nadu but they will not succeed. I will tour the entire state and tear their mask,"" he said. ""I am willing to come anywhere single-handedly, to Gujarat, to UP, anywhere,"" he added."
Prices of HIV, diabetes drugs slashed by up to 44%	The prices of about 50 drugs, including those used for treatment of HIV infection, diabetes, and bacterial infections, have been capped by the government, leading to a price cut in the range of 5-44%. In respect of medicines not under price control, manufacturers are allowed by the National Drug Pricing Regulator to increase the maximum retail price by 10% annually.
Malegaon blast accused to contest UP Assembly elections	The Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha has decided to field Major (retired) Ramesh Upadhyay, an accused in the 2008 Malegaon blast case, in the forthcoming assembly elections from two seats in Uttar Pradesh. Upadhyay had moved the election application last week and both the jail authorities and NIA said that they had no objection to him contesting elections.
Nearly 400 judicial officers transferred in Uttar Pradesh	The Allahabad High Court has transferred around 400 judicial officers, almost half of them of the ranks of Additional District Judge and Sessions Judge. All the officials have been asked to be ready to hand over the charge at their present place of posting on May 8. The most comprehensive reshuffle has been done in Jhansi, Banda, Moradabad and Sitapur.
Rest of India win Irani Cup as Saha scores double ton	Wriddhiman Saha scored his maiden double century as Rest of India beat Ranji Trophy champions Gujarat to win the Irani Trophy by six wickets on Tuesday. He shared a 316-run fifth-wicket stand with Cheteshwar Pujara, who scored his 37th first-class century. The Irani Trophy is an annual one-off match played between the Ranji winners and a Rest of India team.
Infosys COO Rao's pay spectacular but not performance: Pai	"Backing Infosys Co-founder Narayana Murthy's view on pay hike to COO UB Pravin Rao being ""not proper"", company's ex-director Mohandas Pai has said the salary in this case is ""spectacular"" but performance is not. Further alleging that the Infosys board was ""misguided"", Pai said the ""fundamental problem"" was the pay hike given earlier to CEO Vishal Sikka ""without any justification""."
Gurugram police to deploy drones for Kanwar yatris	"The Gurugram police has reportedly decided to deploy drones, sniffer dogs, and additional forces to ensure top security for the Kanwar yatris. Reportedly, separate lanes are also being created for the pilgrims to enable smooth traffic movement and maintain law and order. ""Special security will be provided to women pilgrims during the yatra,"" a senior official said."
J&K discourse shifting to primacy of Islam over Azadi: Army	"Army official Subrata Saha on Thursday said that the ""discourse"" in Jammu and Kashmir is shifting to ""primacy of Islam over Azad"". ""Jammu and Kashmir indeed continues to be a challenge?it?s getting a little more complex,"" he added. Notably, the Census of 2011 has recorded the Muslim population in Jammu and Kashmir at 85.67 lakh."
Reliance gains ?38,700 crore in a day after Jio announcement	Reliance Industries stock jumped by 11% to a nearly nine-year high on Wednesday, adding ?38,761 crore to its market valuation, after its telecom arm Jio said it will begin charging for data services from April. In his speech, Mukesh Ambani said that Jio added 100 million subscribers in 170 days since launch. Further, he also announced the Jio Prime offer.
Charge sheet filed against Kejriwal's ex-principal secretary	The CBI has filed a charge sheet against Rajendra Kumar, former principal secretary to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, in connection with alleged graft case against him. The CBI has alleged that the accused had entered into a criminal conspiracy and caused a loss of ?12 crore to the Delhi Government in awarding contracts between 2007 and 2015.
Soundarya Rajinikanth and Ashwin's divorce finalised	"Rajinikanth's daughter Soundarya Rajinikanth and her husband Ashwin Ramkumar were legally granted a divorce by a family court in Chennai on Tuesday. Soundarya Rajinikanth had confirmed her separation in September last year while tweeting, ""We have been separated for over a year."" Nothing has been revealed yet about the custody of their son."
TVF CEO Arunabh gets anticipatory bail in molestation case	The Viral Fever's CEO Arunabh Kumar was granted anticipatory bail by Mumbai's Dindoshi Sessions Court on Monday considering that he has been cooperating with police in their investigation. Kumar has been booked for sexual harassment in two different cases filed by a former employee and another woman. Kumar has been interrogated at least eight times since the cases were registered.
Only 2 Uttar Pradesh CMs have completed full terms in 65 yrs	Only two Uttar Pradesh Chief Ministers have completed their full five-year terms since 1951-52, when the state's first election was held. BSP's Mayawati was the first Chief Minister to complete a full term during her tenure from 2007 to 2012. Current Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav became the second one to do so with the completion of his term in 2017.
Noida authority to repaint road marks to regulate traffic	The Noida authority has decided to repaint road markings in an attempt to streamline and regulate traffic movement on city roads. This comes after its traffic cell found that 80% of road markings either get washed away or fade out on their own. The project involves marking of zebra crossings, left-right turns and stop lines for vehicles among others.
Noida farmers demand release of arrested counterparts	Over 400 farmers from Greater Noida and adjoining areas protested in Dadri seeking immediate release of 39 farmers arrested on Friday for stopping a passenger train and blocking movement on the Delhi-Howrah railway track for an hour. The arrested farmers had been demanding more compensation for land being acquired by the government for construction of the Eastern Peripheral Expressway.
Mamata asks TMC leaders not to launch personal attacks on PM	"TMC supremo Mamata Banerjee has reportedly asked her party leaders to refrain from launching personal attacks on PM Narendra Modi. ""She isn't in an aggressive mood. She is trying not to be abusive as far as the PM is concerned,"" a TMC leader has said. However, Banerjee has asked TMC MPs to boycott the Budget reading in protest against demonetisation."
One who betrays his father, can?t be others' friend: Mulayam	"Samajwadi Party Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav has slammed his son Akhilesh Yadav, stating, ""One who betrays his father, can't be a friend of others"". ""No father made his son the CM during his own lifetime. And, what did Akhilesh do? He sacked his own uncle from his Cabinet,"" Mulayam said. ""I've never been insulted so much,"" he added."
3,075 grooms got married in Bihar at gunpoint in 2016	As per a report, 3,075 grooms got married at gunpoint in Bihar in 2016. The practice, known as 'Pakadwa Vivah', led to 3,001 grooms getting married at gunpoint in the state in 2015 and 2,533 in 2014. According to police figures, Bihar reported 830 kidnappings for marriage by March this year, and eight cases of kidnappings for ransom.
Nobody should have a problem with Jallikattu: Naidu	"Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu has said that Jallikattu, a bull-taming event held during Pongal, is a traditional sport and nobody should have problems with it. He added that the government is getting suggestions to allow Jallikattu, which was banned by the Supreme Court recently. ""I don't know whether I should be saying this as a minister,"" Naidu said."
Arvind Kejriwal asked me to pay ?5 cr: Ousted AAP MLA	"Ousted AAP MLA and ex-Delhi Minister Asim Ahmed Khan has alleged CM Arvind Kejriwal had asked him to pay ?5 crore. ""They needed ?25 crore to buy cable network out of which ?5 crore were asked from me and ?20 crore were asked from four other MLAs,"" he said. Asim was sacked for allegedly demanding a bribe from a builder."
Bangladeshi fan commits suicide after India's CT final loss	Bidyut, a 25-year-old Bangladeshi fan of Indian cricket, committed suicide by jumping in front of a train after India lost to Pakistan in the final of the Champions Trophy 2017 in London on Sunday. India had reached the tournament's final after having defeated Bangladesh by nine wickets in what was Bangladesh's maiden semifinal appearance at an ICC event.
Note ban opens up new channels of corruption: Economist Kurz	"Eminent economist Heinz D Kurz has said the demonetisation move has opened up new avenues of corruption. Kurz said the move is much too weak and misdirected an instrument to root out corruption. ""[T]he policy... has already been abandoned by the government because it turned out to be an attempt akin to striking a rock with an egg,"" he added."
I like to get customised gifts on my birthday, says Taapsee	"Actress Taapsee Pannu, who turned 30 on Tuesday, has said she doesn't like typical off-the-shelf gifts and instead likes something customised on her birthday. She added, ""Every year, I like that pressure that my friends and family have to bring their creative side out and think of a gift."" Taapsee is known for films like 'Pink', 'Naam Shabana', among others."
Those with 4 wives responsible for population rise: BJP MP	Addressing a gathering in poll-bound Uttar Pradesh, BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj has said the rise in population isn?t because of the Hindus, but due to those who support the concept of four wives and 40 children. Notably, his remarks came after the Supreme Court ruled that religion, caste, community wouldn't be allowed to play any role in the electoral process.
I'm ready for anti-BJP alliance for 2019 polls: Akhilesh	"Former Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said, ""I am ready for alliance against BJP's propaganda. I will duly perform my role in the alliance."" His remark comes a day after BSP chief Mayawati proposed the idea of the anti-BJP alliance for the 2019 general elections on the occasion of 126th birth anniversary of Dr BR Ambedkar on Friday."
ED to seize Lalu's daughter Misa Bharti's Delhi farmhouse	The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has reportedly decided to seize a Delhi farmhouse owned by Lalu Prasad's daughter Misa Bharti. This comes after the ED raided three Delhi farmhouses owned by Bharti, over a money laundering case against a firm linked to her and her husband Shailesh Kumar. The ED was reportedly not convinced with their responses during earlier investigations.
213 HIV-positive women give birth to healthy babies	As many as 213 HIV-positive women gave birth to healthy babies in Chhattisgarh government hospitals in 2016-2017, said state's health official R Prasanna. Of the 3,93,475 pregnant women examined, 232 were tested HIV-positive. The state has 26,000 HIV-positive people and of them, 10,289 were being given medicines through five Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) centres and 12 ART linked centres, he said.
Delhi no longer has non-peak hours for traffic: Study	A month-long study by the Centre for Science and Environment on 13 Delhi arterial roads has revealed that there is negligible difference between peak and non-peak hours for traffic. The study also found that vehicles were going 50%-60% slower than the speed the roads were originally built for. The analysis also indicated that traffic congestion is worse on weekends.
Indian Railways mulls Metro-like self-propelled trains	The Indian Railways is exploring self-propelled train sets similar to those used in the Delhi Metro, senior officials have said. Experts claim the technology will achieve faster acceleration of up to 160 km per hour and feature advanced protective measures like electro-pneumatic braking systems. A prototype, currently under construction, will begin trial runs next year.
More time needed before reintroducing Odd-Even: Delhi govt	The Delhi government has asked for sufficient time to sensitise people about the Odd-even scheme before reintroducing it. More buses will be needed to improve public transport and volunteers will have to be hired, a government official said. The Supreme Court had earlier ordered the government to automatically enforce the Odd-even formula for private cars as pollution level worsens.
Padmini Palace in Chittorgarh Fort vandalised by Karni Sena	The Padmini Palace in Chittorgarh Fort was on Sunday vandalised by the Karni Sena members who also broke the mirrors hanging from its walls. The members of the group claimed that mirrors were not in existence during Padmavati's era and were put up much later. The group also rejected claims that Allaudin Khilji had seen Padmavati's face through a mirror.
Completing antibiotics course not necessary: Study	A new study has found the rule that patients must complete the course of their prescribed antibiotics is false instead they should stop taking the drugs when they feel better. The study disproves traditional practice of completing courses, which claims that taking too few tablets allows the disease-causing bacteria to mutate and become resistant to the drug.
Panchayat secretary gives ?500, ?1,000 notes to pensioners	The Panchayat secretary of Rafiganj, Bihar handed out old notes of ?500 and ?1,000 to more than 100 old-age pensioners. He had distributed demonetised notes worth nearly ?2.5 lakh to the pensioners. The pension money was reportedly due since the last six months already. An FIR was filed against the secretary on the orders of the district magistrate.
Woman arrested three times for trying to jump fence near WH	A woman, who was arrested twice last week for trying to jump the White House fence, has been arrested for the third time for scaling a fence at the Treasury Building, next to the White House. The woman, who told officers that she wanted to speak to President Donald Trump, has been charged with unlawful entry and contempt of court.
IAF jet airlifts fuel tanker to Manipur amid crisis	The Indian Air Force (IAF) aircraft on Monday airlifted 96,000 litres of fuel to the crisis-stricken Manipur. As per reports, 70 tonne more petroleum products will be sent soon in the poll-bound state. Since November 1, the United Naga Council has imposed the economic blockade on NH2 (Imphal-Dimapur) and NH37 (Imphal-Jiribam) that serve as lifelines for the landlocked Manipur.
Stop broadcasting Pak, Saudi Arabia channels in Valley: Govt	Information and Broadcasting Minister Venkaiah Naidu on Friday asked the Jammu and Kashmir government to immediately stop the broadcasting of Pakistani and Saudi Arabian TV channels in the state. As per reports, over 50 Saudi and Pakistani channels, besides Zakir Naik's Peace TV and others indulging in anti-India propaganda, were allegedly being broadcast in Kashmir via private cable networks.
Kapil Sharma gives one-liners, I do performances: Krushna	"Comedian and television host Krushna Abhishek has said that Kapil Sharma just gives one-liners while adding, ""I do performances."" He further said, ""Does he perform for one hour in his show? I perform for one hour. That's the difference between us."" However, Krushna clarified that he does not have a problem with Kapil."
Will shift my film release to avoid clash with Aamir's: Dutt	"Actor Sanjay Dutt has said that he wants to change the release date of his comeback film 'Bhoomi' to avoid a clash with Aamir Khan's film 'Secret Superstar'. ""Aamir is a dear friend and I wouldn't want my comeback film to be pitted against his. In this industry, we should all make an effort to help each other,"" said Sanjay."
Virgin means unmarried, nothing offensive in it: Minister	Defending the IGIMS marital declaration form, Bihar Health Minister Mangal Pandey said he checked the meaning of virgin in dictionary, wherein it meant unmarried woman and he didn't find anything objectionable in it.  Pandey added that he discussed the issue with the management, who informed him that the format used was same as AIIMS' and was being used since 1983.
LeT Kashmir Chief Abu Dujana killed in encounter	Lashkar-e-Taiba's Kashmir Chief Abu Dujana has been killed in an encounter with security forces in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir. His accomplice has also been terminated by the forces. He is the third top militant leader killed since last year following Hizbul Mujahideen leaders Burhan Wani and Sabzar Bhat.
Delhi to get 10 more pollution monitoring stations	Delhi is all set to get 10 more pollution monitoring stations before next winter to help in better handling of air quality, according to reports.The aim is to have at least three monitoring points in each of the Delhi districts. This comes after the graded response plan was enforced across the capital by the Supreme Court-appointed pollution control body.
Posters for independence by Khalistani groups seen in Punjab	"Hoardings demanding independence by Khalistani separatist groups have emerged at various places in Punjab. The hoardings carried slogans like 'Azadi Hi Hal (solution), Punjab Independence 2020 Referendum'. Calling for the removal of the hoardings, State Secretary of the BJP in Punjab Vineet Joshi said, ""It is a sinister attempt to disturb the peace and harmony of Punjab by anti-national forces."""
Passersby watch, film biker burning to death on highway	A video of the aftermath of an accident on a highway in Mumbai has surfaced online wherein passersby can be seen standing to watch and film a biker burning to death instead of doing anything to help him. In the accident, a bike caught fire after colliding with another bike on Thursday, resulting in the death of both the bikers.
It's becoming a joke: Kabir on Lipstick Under My Burkha row	"Reacting to 'Lipstick Under My Burkha' being denied certification by censor board, director Kabir Khan said, ""Oh god, not again! It is becoming a bit of a joke."" He added that it seems every two months, the CBFC has made it a habit to do something completely stupid like this. The film has already been showcased at Tokyo Film Festival."
China has vested interest in solving Kashmir issue: Media	China has 'vested interest' in helping resolve the Kashmir issue between India and Pakistan, claimed an article in the state-run Chinese daily Global Times. The article claimed that because of China's $50 billion investment in the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) that passes through Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir (PoK), it has a bigger role to play as a mediator between the two nations.
Two jawans martyred in firing by Pakistani Army in J&K	Two Indian Army jawans were martyred on Wednesday after Pakistan Army opened fire in Kupwara area along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir. The incident took place two days after seven pilgrims were killed in a terrorist attack in Anantnag city. As per reports, there have been 23 incidents of ceasefire violation by Pakistan in June this year.
'Tardigrades' can survive until the end of Earth: Study	The most resilient form of life on Earth, tardigrade, also known as water bear, will survive until the Sun dies, as per an Oxford University research. The eight-legged micro-animal can survive for 30 years without food or water, and endure temperature extremes from -270ºC to 150ºC. Further, tardigrades can withstand catastrophic events like large asteroid impacts, supernovae, and gamma-ray bursts.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan ends his 'peace fast' after 28 hours	A day after initiating a fast over the farmers' agitation in the state, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday ended his fast. Chouhan ended his 'peace fast' almost after 28 hours with coconut water. Earlier, the relatives of five farmers killed in police firing during the Mandsaur protests had asked Chouhan to discontinue his fast.
Amma supporters make idli weighing 68 kg in Chennai	Supporters of late Tamil Nadu CM and AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa made an idli weighing 68 kg, which is a close replica of her face, and showcased it at Marina Beach in Chennai. Jayalalithaa was 68-years-old when she passed away on December 5. AIADMK has claimed that 597 people died of grief and shock after her demise.
Woman's headless body found in a suitcase in Mumbai	Headless body of a woman, suspected to be in her 20s, was found in a suitcase in Navi Mumbai on Monday. The suitcase had been dumped at an agricultural farm and was discovered by the owner, after which he informed the police. Police suspect that the woman was murdered and her corpse was then stuffed inside the suitcase.
North Korea vows to 'ruthlessly punish' detained US citizens	"North Korea on Thursday reserved its sovereign right to ""ruthlessly punish"" US citizens which it has detained for crimes against the country's government. This comes after North Korea detained two US citizens in the last month. North Korea also slammed US media reports that said the arrests were a bargaining ploy as ""pure ignorance""."
4,527 women were raped last year in Madhya Pradesh: Minister	MP Home Minister Bhupendra Singh on Monday told the State Assembly that 4,527 rape cases were reported in the state in 2016. He further stated that 13 women out of these cases were killed after they were raped and 14 committed suicide. Of the 4,527 women who were raped, 1,273 belonged to SC/ST category and 750 were from OBC category.
Sunil Pal accuses director Bazmee of non-payment of dues	Comedian Sunil Pal, in a Facebook video, has accused filmmaker Anees Bazmee and his friend Mayur Barot of not paying Sunil his fees for a stage show. He said he had been invited by them to perform at a family function eight months ago. Sunil added that he is planning to take legal action against them.
Our wedding was magical: Model Kerr on marrying Snapchat CEO	"Supermodel Miranda Kerr on Sunday opened up about her marriage with Snapchat Co-founder and CEO Evan Spiegel for the first time and said their wedding was ""magical"". She added, ""We started the day, did yoga, and then our families came over and we literally all just had, like, this celebration in our backyard."" Kerr got married to Spiegel last month."
Standalone Hulk movie will never happen: Mark Ruffalo	"Hollywood actor Mark Ruffalo, known for playing the Marvel Comics superhero the Hulk, has said there are no chances of another standalone Hulk movie. Mark added, ""Universal has the rights, and for some reason, they don't know how to play well with Marvel. And, they don't want to make money."""
Six children move NGT over pollution in Delhi	Six children have moved the National Green Tribunal over the pollution levels in Delhi. One of the children said they decided to file the petition for ?some sort of relief from the constant breathlessness?. In 2015 too, parents had filed a petition in the Supreme Court on behalf of their toddlers calling for a ban on firecrackers in the city.
Drunk man kills dog by standing on it for an hour in Noida	"An allegedly drunk man on Friday strangled a street dog to death by standing on its neck and mouth for about an hour in Noida's Sector 45. ""He was adamant to kill the animal, as it barked at him,"" an eyewitness who shot video of the incident said. Animals rights groups said they will lodge a complaint against the man."
Kapil's show gets extension after Dus Ka Dum delayed: Report	According to reports, The Kapil Sharma Show has got an extension of two months after Salman Khan's show 'Dus Ka Dum' has been postponed to January 2018. Sources say the TRPs of Kapil's show have improved recently. Earlier, it was reported that Kapil was given a month to improve the show's TRP, after cast members including Sunil Grover stopped shooting.
Chef Vikas Khanna gifts cookbook to Queen Elizabeth	Celebrity chef Vikas Khanna gifted a copy of his cookbook 'Utsav: A Culinary Epic of Indian Festivals' to Queen Elizabeth II at the launch of the UK-India Year of Culture 2017 at Buckingham Palace on Monday. The 1,200-page limited-edition cookbook covers over 70 festivals across India and includes 1,000 recipes. A copy was recently auctioned off for ?30 lakh.
Explain delay in action against Sena MP: Air India to police	Air India has asked Delhi Police to explain the delay in action against Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad who was accused of thrashing an airline employee. ?Any delay in taking action will give a wrong impression. The morale of the staff will also be affected,? it stated. Gaikwad was taken off Air India's no-fly list following intervention from the government.
Mother, daughter fall ill after eating snake with cabbage	"A 36-year-old woman and her teenage daughter fell ill after they accidentally cooked and ate a baby snake along with cabbage in Indore, Madhya Pradesh. ""A snake?s poison becomes dangerous when it mixes in blood and gets circulated. We will monitor the condition of both the patients for the next couple of days,"" a doctor treating the mother-daughter duo said."
Salman's nephew Ahil's 1st birthday celebrated in Maldives	Salman Khan's sister Arpita Khan Sharma shared a picture of the Khan family from Maldives, where they were celebrating her son Ahil's first birthday. Salman's rumoured girlfriend Iulia Vantur is said to have been present at the celebration along with Arbaaz Khan and Malaika Arora. Meanwhile, Salman joined his family to attend Ahil's birthday by taking 22-hour-long flight from Austria.
Aizawl FC's I-League win to be made into a Bollywood movie	Aizawl FC's 2016-17 I-League title win is set to be made into a Bollywood film after the club signed a deal with a production company. Robert Royte, the owner of the club, said the film will provide a major boost to India's football fraternity. Notably, Aizawl FC is the first club from the Northeast to win the top-flight title.
Police constable shot at in Delhi road rage incident	An off-duty Delhi Police constable was shot at and another was hit with a pistol butt by a man who claimed to be a gangster, in front of a housing colony in Narela on Wednesday night. The incident happened after the two constables who were in their private vehicle asked the accused to move his car, which reportedly angered him.
Lucknow siege ends, suspected ISIS terrorist killed	The anti-terror operation in Lucknow, which lasted for almost 11 hours, ended on Wednesday after the body of suspected Islamic State terrorist was recovered from the house where he had been holed up. The man, identified as Saifullah, was suspected of being involved in the explosion on an Ujjain-Bhopal train in Madhya Pradesh which injured nine people.
Who is Jamini Roy, artist honoured with Google Doodle?	Indian painter Jamini Roy, born in West Bengal, is known as one of India's leading modern artists of the 20th century. Roy, who reportedly made about 20,000 paintings, was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1954. Google Doodle honoured Jamini Roy on Tuesday with a doodle inspired by his 'Black Horse' painting, on the occasion of his 130th birth anniversary.
Panchayat fines man for kissing girl; She wants to marry him	"The panchayat in Bihar's Ibrahimpur village asked a man to pay a compensation of ?20,000 to a girl whom he kissed twice on the cheek without her consent when she was returning home. However, the girl refused to take compensation and said, ""He (the accused) has earned me much disrepute in the society and he will have to marry me."""
India include Mohammed Shami in the squad for final Test	India have added pacer Mohammed Shami into the squad for the final Test, scheduled to begin on March 25 in Dharamshala. Shami last played for India in November 2016 and had been out since due to knee injury. Earlier, Indian captain Kohli had hinted at including Shami saying that he was sent to play Vijay Hazare Trophy for match practice.
PM Modi reduced Gandhi to his spectacles: Bapu's grandson	"Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Gopalkrishna Gandhi on Tuesday said that PM Narendra Modi has reduced the name of Bapu to his spectacles. ""But the question is why does he need those spectacles? He needs it because there is room for veracity,"" he added. He further said that Arvind Kejriwal, Kanhaiya Kumar bring hope for new politics in India."
China building high-speed rail tunnel below Great Wall	China is reportedly constructing a 12-km-long high-speed train tunnel through one of the portions of its iconic Great Wall to connect Beijing with Zhangjiakou city which will co-host 2022 Winter Olympics. The line is designed for trains traveling up to 350 kmph and is expected to shorten the single-journey time from more than 3 hours to approximately one hour.
Madhya Pradesh farmer suicide toll reaches 42 since June 6	The number of farmer suicides in Madhya Pradesh since June 6, the day six farmers were killed in the Mandsaur police firing, has reached 42. As per reports, as many as eight farmers have killed themselves in the past 24 hours across the state. Sehore district has topped the list of places with the maximum number of farmer suicides.
Stamping of hand baggage to end at 7 airports from April 1	The stamping of hand baggage will be stopped at Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, and Cochin airports from April 1. Before this, all hand baggage had to be rubber-stamped by security personnel after it was put through security scanners at airports. Notably, this plan had been implemented earlier but was stopped due to the lack of required security equipment.
Kishore's ancestral home won't be demolished: Collector	"Khandwa collector Abhishek Singh has stayed the demolition order against late actor-singer Kishore Kumar's ancestral house in Khandwa, Madhya Pradesh. Explaining his decision, Abhishek said, ""A lot of sentiments of music lovers and locals are attached with this house."" Khandwa Municipal Corporation issued a notice for the demolition of a dilapidated part of the house that could prove dangerous."
Kailash Satyarthi's stolen Nobel replica recovered by police	Nobel Laureate Kailash Satyarthi's Nobel Peace Prize replica and its citation along with other valuables, which were stolen from his house in Delhi's Alaknanda earlier this week, has been recovered by the Delhi Police. The police have also arrested three persons in the case. The theft had taken place when Satyarthi was attending an event abroad.
If need arises, will consider alliance with Rajinikanth: OPS	Amid the reports of actor Rajinikanth entering politics, former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam has said that he will consider an alliance with the actor if the need arises. Panneerselvam further said that Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami continues to function under the guidance of jailed AIADMK (Amma) leader Sasikala Natarajan.
WhatsApp launches feature to pin chats at the top on Android	Facebook-owned messaging platform WhatsApp has launched a feature to let Android users pin three chats at the top of their conversation list. The feature is intended to make it easier for users to access their preferred chats without having to scroll and look for them. Users can pin chats by long pressing on them and then tapping the pin icon.
Sulkhan Singh takes charge as new DGP of Uttar Pradesh	"Sulkhan Singh, the 1980-batch Indian Police Service officer, on Saturday, took charge as the new Director General of Police of Uttar Pradesh. Singh has replaced outgoing Uttar Pradesh Police chief Javeed Ahmed. ""I assure people our police will treat all equally. Vacant posts will be filled soon,"" Singh said. Even criminals from ruling party will not be spared, he added."
I-T raids 22 places in ?1,000 cr benami scam involving Lalu	"The Income Tax Department conducted raids at 22 locations in Delhi and Gurugram on Tuesday in connection with benami land deals involving RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav and his family. ""There are allegations of benami deals worth about ?1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion,"" an official said. The raids were conducted on people and businessmen connected to the deal."
Delhi woman alleges in-laws set her on fire, dies	A 27-year-old woman has told police that her in-laws poured petrol on her and set her on fire before succumbing to 90% burn injuries at a Delhi hospital. In a previous statement, the woman had claimed that she had burned herself while cooking. However, the victim's family alleged that she gave the first statement under duress.
Sacking Dhoni as Pune captain a third-rate decision: Azhar	"Former India skipper Mohammad Azharuddin has criticised the Rising Pune Supergiants franchise for MS Dhoni's removal as captain of the team. ""The decision and manner of execution was third-rate and disgraceful. Dhoni has been a jewel in Indian cricket,"" said Azharuddin. ""Belittling Indian sporting legends like Dhoni through corporate board-rooms is stooping down to the lowest,"" Azhar added."
Nearly 2,300 CPWD buildings in Delhi unsafe: Union Minister	"A Union Minister of State for Home Affairs informed the Lok Sabha on Wednesday that Delhi's 2,297 residential buildings under the Central Public Works Department were found to be ""unsafe"". Another 124 buildings under the New Delhi Municipal Council were identified as dangerous. The authorities said that they conduct surveys of unsafe buildings every year and undertake required actions."
Kerala BJP candidate promises good beef supply if elected	BJP candidate for the upcoming by-election in Malappuram in Kerala, N Sreeprakash, has promised the people that he will ensure the supply of good beef from clean slaughterhouses if he wins the election. He further slammed Congress for banning cow slaughter during its tenure in Kerala. These remarks come amid the crackdown on illegal slaughterhouses in several BJP-ruled states.
Yogi sets June 15 deadline to make UP roads pothole-free	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has set June 15 as the deadline to make the roads in the state pothole-free, asking the authorities to work in the direction. Earlier, he had also promised to provide 24-hour power supply to all the 75 district headquarters, 20-hour electricity to tehsils and 18-hour power supply to rural areas in the state.
Bengaluru jail violating rules for Sasikala: Reports	The Bengaluru jail is reportedly violating its rules for Sasikala Natarajan, who is serving a four-year term in a disproportionate assets case, by allowing her to meet visitors beyond 5 pm. As per reports, Sasikala has seen 27 visits by various people in the 31 days she has been lodged in the jail, which is also against prison manual.
Gujarat Congress MLAs to get Gujarati chef in Bengaluru	"A Gujarati chef has been arranged for over 40 Gujarat MLAs who were flown to Bengaluru on Friday night to reportedly prevent them from switching sides to the BJP. ""We Gujaratis have food that is not very spicy. We like roti, dal, and kadhi, so there is a change,"" Gujarat Congress MLA Gyasuddin Shaikh said."
LeT, Hizb-ul-Mujahideen operating together in J&K: Agencies	Intelligence agencies have confirmed that Lashkar-e-Taiba and Hizb-ul-Mujahideen are operating jointly in Jammu and Kashmir. In a video, which surfaced on January 7, terrorists from the two terror groups appear to be walking together in an area likely to be in north Kashmir. The authenticity of the video is being verified by the police.
Delhi Metro looking for new colours for new lines	The Delhi Metro is looking for new colours for its six new lines that have to be colour coded, officials have said. The new colours could include rose, vermillion, azure and black. Officials said the nine existing lines are identified by different colours, namely red, yellow, blue, green, violet, pink, magenta, grey and orange, allowing people to remember routes easily.
Drivers working for 6 hours a day earn up to ?2,500: Uber	"Blaming a ""small number of individuals"" for recent service disruptions, Uber on Friday said that currently 80% of its drivers who are online for more than six hours a day, make between ?1,500 to ?2,500 net. Uber India president Amit Jain added that the company has been communicating daily with drivers through phone support, text and video messages and in-person."
Govinda's pic from sets of Jagga Jasoos surfaces online	A picture of Govinda from the sets of the upcoming Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif starrer 'Jagga Jasoos' has surfaced online. Reports suggest that Govinda shot for a cameo in the film, but later walked out of it citing irreconcilable differences with director Anurag Basu. Govinda was reportedly cast as a detective who helps Ranbir Kapoor's character find his father.n
Kavita Devi first Indian woman wrestler to compete in WWE	Former powerlifter Kavita Devi will become the first Indian woman wrestler in WWE, after getting selected for the company's first-ever tournament for women, Mae Young Classic. Kavita, who trained at The Great Khali's wrestling academy in Punjab, appeared at the WWE Dubai tryout this year where she was selected. She will compete at the 32-competitor event in Florida next month.
Ajay, Nana to collaborate on Marathi film: Reports	"According to reports, actors Ajay Devgn and Nana Patekar will collaborate on a Marathi film. The film, which is believed to be a thriller, will be reportedly produced by Devgn and directed by Satish Rajwade. ""It will also feature a few other leading Marathi actors with whom we are in talks with,"" Satish was quoted as saying."
No more permissions for casinos in Goa: CM Parrikar	Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has clarified that no more permissions for casinos, both on land and off-shore, will be granted in the state. The number of off-shore casinos in Mandovi river would be capped to existing five vessels, which will be shifted to land in the next three years, Parrikar added.
US imposes tougher conditions for defence aid to Pakistan	"The US House of Representatives has voted for three legislative amendments to impose tougher conditions for reimbursement of defence funding to Pakistan. The amendments make it conditional for Pakistan to show satisfactory progress in its fight against terrorism. ""The Congress has taken a step forward to end Pakistan's betrayal of the US,"" the House representatives said."
Patriarchy is hard on men as well as women: Ratna Pathak	"Actress Ratna Pathak Shah has said patriarchy is hard on men as well as on women which is why there's a need to get rid of it and find new ways of looking at society. She added, ""Instances...force a woman to ask for permission. It's not easy to do what you want...when you are financially dependant on the other person."""
Bharat Arun appointed Team India's bowling coach	The BCCI on Tuesday named former Indian cricketer Bharat Arun as the Indian cricket team's bowling coach. Arun, who was Indian coach Ravi Shastri's teammate from their Under-19 days, had previously served in the same capacity during Shastri's tenure as team director from 2014 to 2016. Notably, Sanjay Bangar and R Sridhar will remain the batting and fielding coach respectively.
Artistes refuse to perform at Trump's inauguration event	"Several artistes have refused to perform at US President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration event, scheduled to take place on January 20, 2017. This includes musicians like Elton John, The Chainsmokers, Idina Menzel and Celine Dion. ""I just got call to perform at the Inauguration?I didn't pick up and blocked the number,"" rapper Ice-T wrote on Twitter."
I'm so glad Sussanne liked 'Kaabil': Hrithik	"Actor Hrithik Roshan, while responding to his ex-wife Sussanne Khan's praise for his recently released film 'Kaabil', said that he is glad she liked the film. ""Her opinion means the world to me,"" he added. Earlier, Sussanne had tweeted that 'Kaabil' is the ""most hearted performance in history of Indian cinema"" and that she is proud of Hrithik."
'CBFC replaces cuss word for slut with jhoothi in Rangoon'	As per reports, the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) has replaced the word 'chinal', the Hindi word for slut, with 'jhoothi' (liar) in the film 'Rangoon'. Two other cuss words bastard and bak**** have also been reportedly replaced, with 'rascal' being used instead of bastard while 'bakchor' was used for 'bak****. The film has been awarded a U/A certificate.
South Delhi restaurants to allow public to use toilets at ?5	"All restaurants, including five-star hotels, in South Delhi have been directed by a Delhi civic body to make their toilets available to general public, who are not customers, at a fee of ?5 starting April 1. ""The move will be particularly beneficial for women who face problems due to lack of toilets in marketplaces,"" the South Delhi Municipal Corporation said."
Explain source of wealth or Tejashwi must quit: JD(U) to RJD	Bihar's Janata Dal (United) party demanded the resignation of Deputy Chief Minister and Lalu Yadav's son Tejashwi Yadav if his family does not reveal the source of funds used for acquiring allegedly illegal properties. The spat between 'Grand Alliance' members, JD(U) and Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), began after raids on the Yadavs' properties, in connection with a land scam.
AAP campaigns to get anti-corruption activist back in party	A group of Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) volunteers have started a campaign to get anti-corruption activist Anjali Damania back in the party. Damania had exposed corruption cases including the ?1,000-crore irrigation scam and the Maharashtra Sadan scam which led to the arrest of NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal. She has not yet taken a decision regarding rejoining AAP.
No one will hold tricolour if special status altered: J&K CM	"Jammu & Kashmir CM Mehbooba Mufti on Friday said no one will hold the tricolour if Kashmiri citizens' privileges are altered. ""Let me be very clear. By doing this (challenging Article 35-A), you are not targeting the separatists,"" Mufti said. ""Their (separatists') agenda is different and totally secessionist but you are weakening those powers which trust India,"" she added."
Union minister mixes up name of Kerala CM with TN CM	Union Minister for Consumer Affairs Ram Vilas Paswan on Monday mixed up Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayan with Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam and got trolled on Twitter. The Minister made the mistake while sharing pictures of his meeting with the Kerala CM and his team of officers at his residence in New Delhi.
Girl dies after being banished to shed for being on periods	A 15-year-old girl died in Nepal after being banished to a shed during her menstrual cycle, under a custom 'Chhaupadi'. According to it, menstruating women have to stay in a shed outside the village as they're considered unclean. According to an official, over ten females have died due to this practice since 2006, despite it being outlawed by the government.nn
Hrithik buys a house for his ex-wife Sussanne: Reports	According to reports, actor Hrithik Roshan has purchased a house 15 minutes away from his own residence for his ex-wife Sussanne Khan. According to a source, the flat is also close to the houses of both Sussanne's and Hrithik's parents. Notably, Hrithik and Sussanne officially divorced in 2014 after a nearly 14-year long marriage.
OnePlus asked to stop Amitabh Bachchan ad after Sony plea	The Delhi High Court has restrained Chinese mobile manufacturer OnePlus from airing its advertisement featuring actor Amitabh Bachchan after a copyright infringement plea by Sony. Sony claimed OnePlus copied their show, Kaun Banega Crorepati's format in the advertisement. The ad, shot in the show's format, has Amitabh Bachchan asking a question related to India's best smartphone to a contestant.
India to get 20 'institutes of eminence' for research	"Human Resource Development Minister Prakash Javadekar on Monday announced that they will soon give approval for the 20 world-class research and teaching institutions that will be called 'Indian institutes of eminence'. Adding that the approval will be given during the Parliament's Monsoon Session, he said, ""They will be acclaimed and ranked among the top 200 universities in the world""."
AAP govt to bear accident victims' expenses at pvt hospitals	"The Delhi government has decided to bear the medical treatment expenses of victims of road accidents, burns and acid attacks in private hospitals. ""Our aim is to save as many lives as possible. Precious hours are lost when police commute long distances to take the victims to a government hospital,"" Delhi?s Health Minister Satyendar Jain has said."
India's longest cable-bridge inaugurated in Gujarat	Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday inaugurated India's longest cable-bridge in Bharuch, Gujarat, which is 1,344 metres long and 22.8 metres wide. The bridge, built by Larsen and Toubro on river Narmada, has 216 cables of 25-40 metres length. The ?379 crore project has a 17.4-metre wide four-lane road, a three-metre wide footpath, and over 400 LED lights.
Customers should report fraud in 3 days to avoid losses: RBI	Customers will not suffer any loss if unauthorised electronic banking transactions are reported within three days, according to RBI. Further, the amount involved will be credited to the accounts concerned within 10 days. These rules will be applicable for third-party breaches, where the deficiency lies neither with the bank nor with the customer but elsewhere in the system.
SRK's 1997 Paris doodle to be sold for ?2 lakh: Report	A doodle made by Shah Rukh Khan from his 1997 Paris visit will reportedly be auctioned in Mumbai on June 22 and is expected to sell for ?2 lakh. The doodle includes sketches of the Eiffel Tower, the Bastille fort and has captions like, 'In Paris, do as the Indians do'. It was part of a film journalist-critic's collection.
Goa can import beef from Karnataka: CM Manohar Parrikar	To avoid a shortage of beef, the BJP-led government in Goa has not blocked the option of getting the meat from Karnataka's Belgaum, Goa CM Manohar Parrikar said on Tuesday. Adding that around 2,000 kg of beef was produced daily at Goa's only legal slaughterhouse, Parrikar said the slaughterhouse can increase production if traders bring in more animals.
Will sue cop in Sasikala bribery row, threatens AIADMK	The ruling AIADMK party in Tamil Nadu on Monday said it would take legal action against Karnataka ex-DIG D Roopa if she did not withdraw her bribery charges against party chief VK Sasikala. The police officer had alleged that Sasikala was given special treatment and amenities in prison against rules. Notably, Sasikala was jailed in a disproportionate assets case.
Tamil Nadu almost doubles MLAs' salary to over ?1 lakh	Tamil Nadu government has almost doubled the salary of MLAs in the state from ?55,000 to ?1.05 lakh on Wednesday. The move comes when the farmers in the state have been protesting for loan waiver and better crop prices. Reportedly, the state government also announced an increase in MLAs' Local Area Development Fund from ?2 crore to ?2.5 crore.
Can't take pic with each fan: Rajinikanth on cancelling meet	"Actor Rajinikanth has cancelled an upcoming meeting with his fans in Chennai, stating that it would be difficult to take individual pictures with each of his fans during the meet. He added, ""We planned for group photographs...(but) fans expressed disappointment with that idea."" The five-day meet, scheduled from April 12 to 16, was planned for four districts.nnn"
Mumbai family plants 5,500 saplings over 17 years	A family in Mumbai has planted around 5,500 saplings in Aarey Milk Colony over the last 17 years. The initiative was started by Vinay Athalye, in 2000. Over the years he planted about 3,500 saplings, which have now turned into a dense forest with 75 varieties of trees. After his death, his family has been continuing the initiative.
Bombay HC orders stay on Raveena Tandon's film 'Maatr'	The Bombay High Court has put a stay on the release of Raveena Tandon's film 'Maatr'. This comes after a private financial institution petitioned against the film's producer Anjum Rizvi. The institution has claimed that Rizvi owes it an amount of ?2 crore. It had reportedly given the loan to Rizvi in 2014 for a film which never released.
I'd be a farmer if Saif's point on genetics is true: Kangana	"Responding to Saif Ali Khan's letter wherein he discussed nepotism and genetics, Kangana Ranaut wrote in her letter that she'd be a farmer if Saif's point on genetics was true. She added, ""Are you implying that artistic skills, hard-work...can be inherited through genes?"" Saif had written about people being interested in star kids and if they'll have their parents' genes."
19 Gurugram buildings to pay property tax over free parking	Municipal Corporation of Gurugram on Wednesday said that 19 out of 45 commercial building owners have decided to pay property tax instead of providing free parking to the public. Notably, MCG earlier offered a property tax waiver for building basements if they were used to provide free parking. However, the owners allegedly said that revenues from parking profited them more.
Maharashtra doctors call off their strike after meeting CM	As many as 40,000 Maharashtra doctors associated with the Indian Medical Association called off their strike over inadequate security in hospitals, after meeting CM Devendra Fadnavis on Friday. Fadnavis said more security has been provided since Thursday, and further arrangements will be made in the next 10 days. Earlier, doctors were warned to join work or take a pay cut.
Hired killer stole anaesthetic from AIIMS for murder: Cops	A physiotherapist, arrested for murdering a bank manager in Delhi, stole an anaesthetic from AIIMS to make the chemical he injected the victim with, police said. The accused was paid ?1.5 lakh for the murder by his friend, who allegedly was in love with the victim's wife. The accused reportedly researched online to make a deadly cocktail of drugs.
No Indians in Geoffrey Boycott's Dream XI	"Ex-England cricketer Geoffrey Boycott named his Dream XI cricket team which did not feature any of the Indian greats. Boycott said he did not pick Gavaskar in the side as batsmen from yesteryears like WG Grace and Jack Hobbs played under higher degree of challenges. ""The Dream XI selected by the ICC's online readers insults...achievements of the greats,"" added Boycott."
IAF pilot gets jail for stealing remotes, refusing to eat	The Indian Air Force has dismissed a pilot and sentenced him to two years' imprisonment for assaulting his senior, refusing to eat and stealing remotes from the officers' mess. The officer had suffered a knee injury in 2013, following which he was declared unfit to fly a transport aircraft. He has previously claimed his superiors harassed him following his injury.
Centre approves proposal to set up airport in Greater Noida	"The Centre on Saturday approved the proposal for setting up a greenfield airport in Jewar in Greater Noida, likely to be operational in the next five-six years. ""The Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority has notified 3,000 hectares of land for a world-class international airport which will cater to 30-50 million passengers per year,"" Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said."
Please 2017, give me a week off: Priyanka	"Actress Priyanka Chopra, while talking about how eventful the year 2016 was for her, said ""Please 2017, give me a week off."" The 34-year-old actress said, ""The stars aligned in 2016. I've had some amazing moments this year."" Priyanka made these comments when she was recently in Assam, where she was formally appointed as the state's tourism brand ambassador."
Chinese official demoted for not smoking near Muslim leaders	"China has demoted Communist party official Jelil Matniyaz in the Uygur Muslim majority-Xinjiang province for not ""daring"" to smoke in front of local religious leaders, said a notice posted online. An official added, ""his behaviour of not daring to smoke conforms with extreme religious thought... As a party chief, he should lead the fight against extreme religious thought."""
No red carpets, special towels, sofas: Yogi warns officials	"UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has banned red carpet welcomes and special arrangements during his visits and asked bureaucrats to ""keep it simple"". He also warned officials not to arrange special towels, air conditioners or particular sofas. Earlier, officials covered up a muddy road with red carpet when Yogi went to meet slain CRPF sub-inspector Sahab Shukla's kin in Gorakhpur."
Gujarat Cabinet bans hookah bars across the state	The Gujarat Cabinet on Thursday cleared an ordinance which seeks to impose a total ban on hookah bars across the state, Gujarat CM Vijay Rupani said. Once the law comes into effect, those found violating it could face prison up to 3 years and a fine up to ?50,000, Gujarat MoS for Home Pradeepsinh Jadeja said.
Considerable number of Naxals killed in Sukma attack: CRPF	"The CRPF on Monday said ""considerable number"" of Naxals are believed to have been killed in retaliatory action during an attack at Chhattisgarh's Sukma district in which 25 CRPF personnel were martyred. About 300-400 Naxals had ambushed the patrol party while two companies of the 74th battalion were out providing security to people engaged in constructing a road."
Working woman not entitled to maintenance: Bombay HC	"In a recent order, the Bombay Court held that a working woman who is ""capable of maintaining and sustaining herself"" should not be entitled to get maintenance from her estranged husband. The court observed this during the hearing of a plea filed by a TV actress who had challenged a family court's order, which too had denied her maintenance."
Indu Sarkar will hurt Congressmen, Modi wants that: Congress	"Veteran Congress leader M Veerappa Moily has said Madhur Bhandarkar's film on 1975-77 Emergency 'Indu Sarkar' will hurt Congressmen's sentiments and that's what PM Narendra Modi wants. ""Ultimately, it will (hurt) him (Narendra Modi)... All these ruinous activities help in exit of BJP,"" he added. Moily further said there's no exit door for Congress but there's always one for BJP.nn"
SP candidate caught on camera accepting he bribed voters	Samajwadi Party candidate from Agra (North) seat Atul Garg has reportedly been caught in a sting operation while accepting he had bribed voters to get them to vote in his favour. The video shows Garg saying he will spend limitless money for winning the election. Meanwhile, the police have filed an FIR against him and are now investigating the matter.
Vande Mataram needs equal status, respect: SC lawyer	"After the Supreme Court made it mandatory to play the National Anthem in all cinema halls, a petition by an apex court lawyer has demanded ""equal respect and status"" for National Song Vande Mataram. ""On January 24, 1950, Jana Gana Mana and Vande Mataram both songs were adopted of equal honour with each other and equal status,"" said the petitioner. n"
Poster of Ayushmann's film on erectile dysfunction unveiled	"The poster of Shubh Mangal Saavdhan, the film where Ayushmann Khurrana's character has erectile dysfunction, has been unveiled. ""Shubh Mangal Saavdhan - 'stand up' for love. Releasing 1st Sept 2017,"" tweeted Ayushmann. The film stars Bhumi Pednekar as the female lead, making it her second film opposite Ayushmann after Dum Laga Ke Haisha."
Putting Hafiz on Pak's terror list 1st step to justice: MEA	"The Ministry of External Affairs on Monday said that putting Lashkar-e-Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed on Pakistan's terror list was the first logical step towards bringing him to justice. ""Hafiz Saeed is an international terrorist, the mastermind of Mumbai terrorist attack and responsible for unleashing wave of terrorism against Pakistan's neighbours through LeT/ JuD and their affiliates,"" MEA stated."
MP primary school students forced to study in a toilet	A photograph of primary school students in Madhya Pradesh's Neemuch district shows that the children are being forced to study in a disused toilet as there is no school building. While the school is run by a single teacher, the local MLA is reportedly not aware of the existence of any such school in his constituency.
?56 crore cash, 1.98 lakh litres alcohol seized from UP: EC	An amount of ?56 crore was recovered from poll-bound Uttar Pradesh till January 17, the Election Commission said. Further, 1.98 lakh litres alcohol worth over ?6 crore was also seized from the state. In total, the poll panel recovered ?64 crore in cash, liquor worth over ?6 crore and narcotics worth over ?2 crore from all the five election-bound states.
South Delhi to install 100 mobile toilet vans	The South Delhi Municipal Corporation is planning to install 100 mobile toilet vans at slum clusters under its jurisdiction to tackle open defecation. An official explained that densely populated areas, especially those near railway lines, have limited space, hence mobile toilet vans need to be placed there. The civic agency has allocated an amount of ?12 crore for the project.
West Bengal: 2 dead as villagers clash over power project	At least two people were killed while many were wounded after hundreds of villagers protesting against a power grid project clashed in West Bengal's Bhangar on Tuesday, reports said. The victims died of bullet injuries, but villagers said police did not fire at them and alleged the involvement of supporters of the ruling TMC, reports added.
Akshay apologises for holding flag upside down at Women's WC	"Akshay Kumar has apologised for posting a picture of himself waving the Indian flag upside down while cheering for the Indian cricket team at Women's World Cup final. ""Extending my sincerest apology for violating the code of conduct for the tricolour. Didn't mean to offend anyone, the picture has been removed,"" tweeted Akshay. India lost to England by nine runs."
Anushka Sharma's 'Phillauri' hits the theatres	"Anushka Sharma's Phillauri ""hovers...from one useless scene to another which are neither funny nor interesting,"" wrote India Today. ""Phillauri is an unconventional Bollywood entertainer...watchable all the way,"" said NDTV. Hindustan Times wrote, ""Despite a fresh idea, it is a loosely-written film that fails to engross the audience."" It was rated 3/5 (NDTV), 2.5/5 (HT) 1.5/5 (India Today).n"
Home Science may become mandatory for boys in school	The Women and Child Development Ministry has proposed that it should be compulsory for both boys and girls to study home science and physical education in school, in order to promote gender sensitivity. The ministry reportedly made several other recommendations aimed at redefining gender roles starting at a young age and creating new employment opportunities for women.
Maharashtra government to buy chopper for VIPs	The Maharashtra government is planning to invite global tenders for purchasing a chopper for the VIPs of the state. It comes after the CM had survived a chopper crash in May, following which, private agencies were suspended from flying VIPs of the state. A government official said that the chopper is likely to be a modern Sikorsky S76 or Bell.
Sena slams Centre over inaction against K'taka flag demand	"Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has criticised the BJP-led Centre for not taking action against Karnataka government's ""offensive"" demand for a separate flag. He said it was part of BJP's plan to win the upcoming Karnataka assembly elections. The state government should also be slapped with sedition charges over the demand, he added."
Decomposed body of actress found in Mumbai, murder suspected	The decomposing body of struggling actress Kritika Chaudhary was found in her apartment in Mumbai on Monday, the police said. The police believe the 23-year-old, who had worked in Kangana Ranaut-starrer Rajjo and several Balaji production TV shows, was allegedly murdered 3-4 days ago. Her room was found locked from the outside while the AC was switched on.
Ex-Maha CM targets Sena over Mumbai not becoming world-class	Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Narayan Rane on Friday targeted the Shiv Sena and Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation in Maharashtra Legislative Council over Mumbai not becoming a world class city. He said that while Singapore and Shanghai which had come up in last three decades had become world class cities, Mumbai which came up 152 years ago, was still lagging behind.
I was touched inappropriately by a man as a child: Akshay	"Actor Akshay Kumar, while talking about an incident from his childhood, revealed that he was touched inappropriately by an elevator operator. Akshay added, ""Since I had good communication with my parents, I told them about this incident."" Akshay further said his father filed a complaint against the man, who was later arrested and found to be a habitual offender."
Hung Assembly in Goa as no party gets clear majority	Elections in Goa ended up in a hung Assembly, as none of the parties managed to win the required 21 seats to gain a clear majority in the 40-member house. Congress ended up as the largest party while BJP stood a close second. However, BJP accounted for the largest vote share at 33% while Congress' vote share stood at 27%.
Have a heartfelt and warm relationship with Murthy: Sikka	"The CEO of Infosys Vishal Sikka on Monday said that he has always shared a ""heartfelt, warm relationship"" with the company's Co-founder Narayana Murthy. Describing Murthy as an ""incredible man"", Sikka said, ""I meet Mr Murthy quite frequently... probably meet him 5-6 times a year."" He further said that his relationship with the company's founders is ""wonderful""."
ICSE, ISC students to get digital marksheets from this year	The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations has decided to make digital copies of the marksheets available to ICSE and ISC candidates along with the traditional hard copies from this year. The students can now access the marksheets digitally anywhere from their DigiLocker, which is a service providing dedicated personal electronic space in a government-owned public cloud storage.
Abhishek's pic appears on admit card for govt job as prank	Actor Abhishek Bachchan's picture recently appeared on an admit card for government recruitment, as an apparent prank. His picture appeared with a misspelt name on the official website of the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) for candidates who took a multi-tasking (non-technical) staff examination. The Commission is looking into the case, said an official.
A note has no colour: Rahul Gandhi	"Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Saturday said, ""A note has no colour...If the note goes into the hands of unscrupulous persons, it becomes black as if under a spell of magic."" Addressing a rally in Dharamshala, Gandhi added that the demonetisation move has hit the horticulture, agriculture, and tourism of Himachal Pradesh."
President's Press Secy Ashok Malik resigns from ITC board	FMCG major ITC on Tuesday announced that Ashok Malik, who has been appointed the Press Secretary of the newly elected President Ram Nath Kovind, has resigned from its Board of Directors. Malik had joined the ITC board as an additional non-executive director, from April 11 as the representative of the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India.
Priyanka Chopra shares picture with singer Bryan Adams	"Priyanka Chopra has shared a picture with singer Bryan Adams on Instagram which she captioned, ""Was so good to see you again."" Priyanka and Bryan came together to support the organisation 'Hear The World Foundation', which works for people with hearing disabilities. Adams is known for songs like 'Summer of 69' and '(Everything I Do) I Do It for You'."
HC lawyers urge Bar Council to remove black coats dress code	"The Calcutta High Court lawyers have written to the Bar Council of India, urging the removal of the black coats and gowns as the essential dress code inside the courtrooms. The lawyers asked the Council to consider changing the dress code imposed by the British citing the ""unbearable"" summer heat spell this year and black clothes being heat absorbers."
Jolie denies report of using cruel casting process for kids	"Angelina Jolie has denied reports of using a cruel casting process while auditioning children for her film. ""Upset that a pretend exercise in an improvisation, from an actual scene...has been written about as if it was a real scenario,"" said Jolie. The casting involved a game where poor children were made to snatch money and justify the mock theft."
New airport device tells if bag had explosives in last 24hrs	New Explosive Trace Detectors at Delhi Airport can trace if any items in passengers' bags were in contact with any explosives in the past 24 hours. Shaped like card swipe machines, they are used on random passengers to increase security in the check-in area. The CISF said they can penetrate into bags, meaning they do not need to be opened.
If Indian cricket requires me, won't shy away: Anurag Thakur	Former BCCI President Anurag Thakur, who was removed from his post in January 2017 by the Supreme Court, has said that he will always be available for the board if Indian cricket requires him. Thakur, who was removed on perjury and contempt of court charges, recently tendered an unconditional apology, after which the Supreme Court dropped charges against him.
Police probes Pakistan link in Kanpur train derailment	Bihar Police on Tuesday reportedly said it is probing Pakistan's spy agency ISI's role in the Indore-Patna derailment accident near Kanpur on November 20, which claimed nearly 150 lives. The police have arrested three people in the matter who confessed they worked for a Nepalese contact suspected to be connected to ISI to target the Railways.
Don't lose faith, hum honge kamyab: Kejriwal to AAP cadre	"After facing defeat in recently held Punjab and Goa Assembly elections, AAP Convenor Arvind Kejriwal has written a letter to party cadre, stating ""hum honge kamyab"" (We shall overcome) and they shouldn't lose faith. The 65-year-old BJP hasn't given up in Karnataka, 130-year-old Congress hasn't given up in Maharashtra, hence there's no reason for us to give up, he wrote.n"
Lalu Prasad offers Mayawati a Rajya Sabha seat from Bihar	"RJD supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav on Wednesday offered BSP chief Mayawati a Rajya Sabha seat from Bihar to ""fight against atrocities and divisive agenda of BJP"". This comes a day after Mayawati resigned as a Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha in protest claiming that she was not allowed to speak in the House."
No need for separate law on mob lynching: Home Ministry	"Minister of State for Home Affairs Hansraj Ahir said on Wednesday that the government is not considering a separate law to tackle mob lynching incidents, in response to Congress leader Digvijaya Singh's question in the Rajya Sabha. ""The state governments can take action against person or persons involved in such incidents under existing laws,"" he added."
Remains on Mont Blanc may belong to Air India crash victims	Body parts have been found on Mont Blanc in the French Alps that might belong to passengers killed in one of the two Air India plane crashes over 50 years ago. Daniel Roche, who spent years combing glaciers looking for remains, found a hand and part of a leg. Roche also found one jet engine of 1966 Air India flight.
Delhi body initiates measures to improve air quality	"The Environment Pollution (Prevention and Control) Authority, appointed by the Supreme Court, on Friday enforced measures under ""very poor"" category for Delhi, like a blanket ban on garbage burning and firecrackers. The panel also directed the Delhi government to come up with a parking policy and the city police to impose heavy fines on illegally parked vehicles."
TV actor slams serial on 9-year-old boy marrying adult woman	"Television actor Karan Wahi has slammed the serial Pehredaar Piya Ki, which shows a 9-year-old boy marrying an adult woman, who is said to be his 'bodyguard'. Wahi wrote in a Facebook post, ""Don't sell me stupidity in the name of content which gives TRP because honestly no one is watching this."" He added, ""We can be better than this."""
Just imagine yourself in grave: Slain J&K cop wrote on FB	"Thirty-two-year-old Jammu and Kashmir police officer Feroz Ahmed Dar, who was buried on Friday, had written a Facebook post, ""Just imagine... yourself in your grave. Down there in that dark hole... Alone."" Dar along with five other policemen was killed on Friday in an ambush in Achabal in Anantnag district by suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militants."
Posters demanding Advani as Prez outside BJP office removed	Posters supporting BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani for the post of the President were spotted outside the headquarters of the party in New Delhi. The posters, however, were torn apart and thrown outside the party office later. The posters described Advani as the best-suited contender for the post and were published in the name of a farm leader.
All-female Afghan team gets US visa after Trump intervention	After being denied visa twice, an all-female robotics team from Afghanistan has been granted a special one-time temporary US visa over humanitarian reasons after President Donald Trump intervened. This allows the team to participate in an international robotics competition. The US embassy in Kabul did not disclose why it rejected the team's visas earlier.
Apologise to nation after 50-day period: Congress to PM Modi	"Congress on Thursday demanded PM Narendra Modi apologise to the nation for the ""suffering"" caused to the people by demonetisation, when he speaks on the New Year eve post the end of the 50-day period. Adding that PM Modi's announcements are far from reality, Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala said note ban has turned out to be Deshbandi (lockdown of country)."
Kovind is the first Indian President from Uttar Pradesh	Newly-appointed President Ram Nath Kovind is the first from Uttar Pradesh to hold the country's highest post. Some of the previous Presidents with singular records are Dr Rajendra Prasad, who is the only President to be elected thrice. Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is the only President to be elected unopposed, while APJ Abdul Kalam was the only bachelor in all Presidents.
Abhishek, Jacqueline, Riteish wish Priyanka on her birthday	"On the occasion of Priyanka Chopra's 35th birthday, Abhishek Bachchan tweeted, ""Happy birthday Chopps....Take a break, even if it's just for the day"". ""Happy birthday!! Onward and upward,"" wrote Jacqueline Fernandez. Riteish Deshmukh wrote, ""Happy Birthday Dear...keep shining...have the brightest one"". ""Happy birthday @priyankachopra...a bigger person than a star!"" tweeted filmmaker Sujoy Ghosh."
Hitler?s phone estimated at ?1.3-?2 crore to be auctioned	A telephone believed to have been used by Adolf Hitler to issue execution orders is set to be auctioned. Hitler's name and the Nazi symbol is engraved on the phone, which is estimated at $200,000 to $300,000 (?1.3-?2 crore). It is being sold by the son of a British officer, who was given the phone when he visited Hitler's bunker.
Printing of ?2,000 notes should be stopped in future: Ramdev	"Hailing PM Narendra Modi for scrapping ?1,000 and ?500 currency notes, Baba Ramdev on Tuesday said printing of ?2,000 notes should also be stopped in future. ""The adverse effect of high denomination currency is evident as fake ?2,000 notes have arrived,"" said Ramdev. ""Fake currency in high denomination is convenient for printing, transportation and difficult to trace,"" he added."
Driverless metro trains to operate in Delhi from October	Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's first automated driverless metro trains are set to start operations from October this year on new Magenta Line from Janakpuri West to Botanical Garden. The new metro corridor, which has missed two deadlines in the past, would be partially thrown open to the public in October. Currently, test runs are being conducted for the driverless trains.
Ranbir's pics as Sanjay Dutt shouldn't have come out: Hirani	Filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani has said that Ranbir Kapoor's pictures as Sanjay Dutt from his upcoming directorial shouldn't have come out. He said the pictures came out because the shoot was at a suburb in Mumbai. However, Hirani added the biopic is being made with a lot of happiness and when a film is made with happiness, it turns out good.
Aadhaar data of people fully safe and secure, assures UIDAI	"Amid reports of security breach of Aadhaar data, the Unique Identification Authority of India has assured personal data of individuals is ""fully safe and secure"". Reports claimed Aadhaar data was breached and biometrics were misused for creation of parallel databases. The agency, however, asserted there has been ""no... misuse of Aadhaar biometrics leading to identity theft and financial loss""."
Switzerland agrees to share bank account info with India	India and Switzerland will start exchanging financial account information starting 2019, with the Swiss government formally ratifying the global convention for information exchange on tax matters with 38 countries on Friday. Notably, one of the key poll promises of the Narendra Modi government was flushing out black money, much of which is believed to be stored in Swiss banks.
Kashmir boys to play with Spanish football club	Srinagar's Basit Ahmed and Mohammed Asrar Rehbar have been selected to play with Sociedad Deportiva Lenense Proinastur, a third division professional club in Spain's La Liga, for the next six months. The 18-year-olds were chosen by the Central Reserve Police Force, who entered into a contract with the club and picked talent in an initiative to engage with Kashmiri youth.
George Clooney to sue magazine for publishing pics of twins	"Hollywood actor George Clooney has said he will sue French entertainment magazine Voici for publishing images of his twins without his permission. ""[P]hotographers from Voici magazine scaled our fence, climbed our tree and illegally took pictures of our infants inside our home,"" Clooney said in a statement. The twins, Ella and Alexander, were born in June this year.n"
Organs from brain-dead Mumbai man save 4 lives	Organs retrieved from a 32-year-old brain-dead man, who was admitted to a Mumbai hospital after multiple injuries, saved lives of four end-stage organ failure patients. The man's heart, liver, kidneys, eyes, and skin were donated. While the deceased's heart was transplanted into a 56-year-old man, his liver and kidney were transplanted into two patients.
Government very keen on encouraging start-ups: PM Modi	"Inaugurating the National Institute of Securities Markets in Maharashtra, PM Narendra Modi on Saturday said, the government is ""very keen to encourage start-ups"". ""Stock markets are essential for the start-up ecosystem. India has earned a good name for its well-regulated securities markets,"" he added. He also said they will continue ""with sound economic policies to ensure India's bright future."""
Tunnels proposed in Arunachal to cut distance to China border	The Border Roads Organisation (BRO) will reportedly construct two tunnels through Arunachal Pradesh's Sela Pass to cut down the distance to the China border through Tawang by 10 km. The tunnels would reduce travel time by at least an hour and ensure that NH13 and the 171-km stretch between Bomdila and Tawang remain accessible in all weather conditions.
Panchayat orders man to rape girl in front of family in Pak	A panchayat in Pakistan's Punjab province has asked a man to rape a 16-year-old girl in front of her family as punishment after her brother was accused of raping the man's sister, police said on Wednesday. The same act should be repeated with the accused's sister as justice, the village council claimed. Police arrested the head of the panchayat.
Fresh non-bailable warrant against Rakhi for Valmiki remarks	A Ludhiana court has issued a fresh non-bailable warrant against actress Rakhi Sawant for her alleged objectionable remarks against sage Valmiki. The complaint was filed against Rakhi last year for allegedly hurting religious sentiments of the Valmiki community. After a warrant was issued against her in April 2017, Rakhi claimed she never spoke against sage Valmiki and issued an apology.n
Indian sprinter gets World C'ships berth due to less entries	Indian sprinter Dutee Chand has received an invitation from the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) to participate in August's World Championships' 100m dash event as the target number of 56 athletes was not reached. Initially, Dutee was not able to qualify for the Championships, but later got a call following her season best of 11.30 seconds.
Smoke detected in cockpit of Air India flight	An Air India flight carrying 155 passengers was forced to make an emergency landing at Mumbai Airport on Monday after the pilot detected smoke in the cockpit, the airline said. The Mumbai-Bhubaneswar flight was forced to return to Mumbai Airport barely 15 minutes after take-off. The flight landed safely, while passengers were accommodated on a different flight.
Cable car gondola crashes into pillar, passengers rescued	As many as 76 passengers were rescued from cable cars suspended over a river in German city Cologne after a gondola crashed into a support pillar on Sunday. Passengers were left stranded, and children were seen clinging to parents while dangling as many as 40 metres above the river. The fire department lowered them to safety from the cable cars.
Petition against Sidhu for obscene jokes on Kapil's show	"A petition has been filed against Navjot Singh Sidhu for his alleged obscene jokes on 'The Kapil Sharma Show'. The complainant, who is a lawyer, claimed his ""conscience was offended while viewing the show along with wife and daughters"". Earlier, the lawyer challenged Sidhu's appearance on the show, claiming that a public servant can't be allowed to do private business.n"
Central Delhi air has considerable PM1 pollutant: Study	Substantial presence of PM1, reportedly the most dangerous particulate matter, has been found in areas around Delhi's Lodhi Road, a study by System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research said. Its presence in the Central Delhi area may be attributed to the huge flow of vehicles since the particulate matter is a product of vehicular pollution, reports said.
Marine life thrives on island 71 yrs after 23 nuclear tests	Stanford researchers have found an abundance of marine life at Bikini Atoll island, which was declared a nuclear wasteland after the US tested 23 bombs between 1946-1958, including one 1,100 times larger than the Hiroshima atom bomb. The team discovered a diverse ecosystem thriving in the crater with corals and fish, and crabs devouring radioactive coconuts on the shore.
Shortage of over 5 lakh police personnel in India	The Union Home Ministry on Tuesday told the Parliament that there is a shortage of over 5 lakh police personnel from the authorised strength of over 22 lakh in the country. It also admitted that there are only 3,905 Indian Police Service (IPS) officers in service in place of the required 4,843 IPS officers.
Kim Sharma bankrupt after separation from husband: Reports	As per reports, actress Kim Sharma, who debuted with the 2000 film 'Mohabbatein', has gone bankrupt after she separated from her husband Ali Punjani, a Kenya-based businessman. She quit her job as the CEO of Punjani's chain of hotels and is ncurrently trying to establish her business in Mumbai. According to a source, Punjani is currently dating another woman.
Several female Tesla employees claim harassment at workplace	"According to a report by The Guardian, several female employees at Tesla have complained about sexual harassment, mistreatment by male managers, and unfair promotion decisions at a recent town hall meeting. One woman described Tesla's factory as a ""predator zone"" for harassment. In June, Tesla fired a female engineer who accused the automaker of ignoring her complaints of sexual harassment."
11-yr-old kills self after parents send him for IIT coaching	An 11-year-old Telangana student committed suicide by jumping off the second floor of his school building after failing to cope with parental pressure to study IIT foundation course. The boy's father said he knew his son was mentally disturbed but never expected him to take this extreme step. Notably, according to NCRB, every hour a student commits suicide in India.
Filing FIR against you, bless me: Kapil Mishra to Kejriwal	"Sacked Delhi Minister Kapil Mishra on Tuesday held a press conference and read out a letter addressed to AAP convenor Arvind Kejriwal that said, ""Bless me, I am filing an FIR against you."" He further said, ""You have everyone on your side and I'm alone. But I am ready to fight... I have learnt to fight corruption from you only."""
MS Dhoni felicitated during Kolkata ODI	MS Dhoni was felicitated by Cricket Association of Bengal during the Kolkata ODI between India and England on Sunday. Former Indian captain Kapil Dev handed a crystal trophy to Dhoni, who was also given a shawl by the CAB Joint Secretary and a memento by the Mumbai Cricket Association. A video showing Dhoni's World Cup-winning six was also aired.
AAP used fake firms to launder black money: Sacked AAP min	"Sacked AAP Minister Kapil Mishra on Sunday accused the Aam Aadmi Party of being involved in a 'big' donation scam, alleging the party concealed the actual amount of donations and used shell companies to launder black money. ""Kejriwal and his associates are part of this scam,"" he said. He also affirmed that he will approach the CBI with the documents."
Driver stops train midway for 2 hrs to take bath in Bihar	The driver of a local train in Bihar reportedly went missing for about two hours on Monday to take a shower. The driver, MK Singh, did not return even after an announcement was made on the panel address system. A probe has been ordered into the incident, which took place at Buxar railway station.
Pakistan fan sledges Mohammed Shami after India's CT defeat	"Indian pacer Mohammed Shami, whose father passed away recently, reacted angrily after a Pakistani cricket fan sledged Indian players following Pakistan's Champions Trophy win against India on Sunday. The Pakistani fan was heard saying, ""Baap kaun hai?"", which is when Shami lost his cool and turned back towards the Pakistani fan and stared at him before MS Dhoni held him."
Punjab Police to tackle criminals on social media: DGP	"Punjab Director General of Police (DGP) Suresh Arora has said that the state police will increase presence on social media to tackle the hate spread online. ""Police will set up own Facebook and other social media handles to nullify all such rumours. Some forces sitting in foreign countries are trying to vitiate the communal atmosphere of the state,"" he added."
Time has come to take PoK back: Baba Ramdev	"Terming Pakistan-occupied Kashmir as the root cause of the persistent Kashmir unrest, Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has said the only solution to the problem at this point of time is India acquiring the PoK territory. ""PM should look into this issue and make a start in a phased manner to acquire PoK,"" Ramdev added."
Delhi University's first ECA quota merit list out	Colleges affiliated to the University of Delhi on Friday released their first list for admissions under the Extra Curricular Activities (ECA) quota. Colleges reserve upto 5% seats for students who show excellence in activities like dance, music and theatre among others. Approximately 1,100 students made it to the merit list this year for 12 ECA categories recognised by the University.nn
Teen carrying live bullets detained at Delhi metro station	An 18-year-old from Bareilly was detained on Sunday for carrying three live bullets in his bag at Delhi's Kailash Colony Metro station. The bullets were detected by a CISF personnel when his bag was being screened in the X-ray machine. He was handed over to the police for not having a government-issued document for possessing arms and ammunitions.
Will try to hit ton and celebrate with two swords: Jadeja	"Indian all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja, who scored a half-century and followed it up with his trademark sword celebration, said that next time he would try to score a century and celebrate with two bats as his swords. Speaking about his partnership with Ravichandran Ashwin, he said, ""Ashwin and I maintain pressure from both ends...Hopefully, we can continue this outside India too."""
SRK, Big B, Anushka, Sonam win best acting Stardust Awards	Shah Rukh Khan won the Editors' Choice Best Actor award for 'Fan', while Sonam Kapoor was named the Best Actress for 'Neerja' at Stardust Awards. In the Viewers' Choice Category, Amitabh Bachchan won the Best Actor award for 'Pink' while Anushka Sharma was named the Best Actress. Meanwhile, 'Sultan' was named the Viewers' Choice Best Film of the year.
No. of visitors at peafowl sanctuary up after Raj HC remark	"The number of daily visitors at Choolannur peafowl sanctuary in Kerala has gone up from 10-12 to 200-300 after a Rajasthan High Court judge said that peahens get pregnant by drinking the tears of peacocks. ""Once the peahen shows her willingness, the peacock mounts on the peahen and fertilises the eggs through muscular spasms,"" the foresters explain to the visitors."
Sushil Kumar Modi appointed as Bihar's Deputy CM	BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi on Thursday took oath as the Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar, in a ceremony at Raj Bhavan. Meanwhile, Nitish Kumar was sworn-in as the state's Chief Minister for the sixth time, after he claimed majority with the BJP as an ally. Nitish Kumar had broken the Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance and resigned from the CM post yesterday.
Indian cab driver beaten, racially abused in Australia	An Indian cab driver in Australia has been hospitalised after allegedly being beaten up and racially abused by a couple. The driver alleged that he was attacked after warning the female passenger not to open the cab's door to vomit repeatedly. The husband then attacked him from behind and kicked him, calling him a 'bloody Indian' and 'f***ing Indian.'
Indian economy has ?5 lakh crore less cash after note ban	According to an internal report on the benefits of demonetisation prepared by government officials, the economy now has ?5 lakh crore lesser cash than it would have had if demonetisation hadn't happened. This means that the amount of cash stashed away by citizens has come down, which is advantageous since hoarding cash delivers no value to the country's economic growth.
Russia probe not witch hunt: Trump's FBI nominee	US President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, has rejected the President's claim that an inquiry into alleged Russian hacking of the US election is a 'witch hunt'. Adding that he will never allow the FBI to be driven by anything other than facts, Wray said he would quit if Trump asks him to do anything illegal.
SC asks BCCI, Centre to propose names of BCCI administrators	The Supreme Court has asked the BCCI and Centre to propose names for an interim administrative committee for BCCI. This comes after SC, which was supposed to name the administrators on Tuesday, earlier rejected nine names suggested by amicus curiae since they were above 70 years of age. The BCCI President and Secretary were sacked by SC earlier this month.
AIB slammed for meme on Modi, slammed again for deleting	"Comedy group AIB was slammed by BJP supporters for sharing a picture of PM Narendra Modi's doppelganger along with one of PM Modi with a Snapchat dog filter. AIB was later slammed by Congress supporters when it deleted the tweet. ""Will continue making jokes. And deleting if necessary. And making jokes again. And Apologizing if necessary,"" AIB's Tanmay Bhat tweeted."
Munna Bhai 3 to be my last Munna Bhai film: Hirani	Filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani has said that 'Munna Bhai 3' will be his last film in the 'Munna Bhai' film series. He added that after this film, someone else could take the franchise forward but it has to be equally good. The film will mark the return of Sanjay Dutt as 'Munna Bhai' and Arshad Warsi as his sidekick 'Circuit'.
Govt conducting selective raids against AIADMK: Stalin	"DMK Working President MK Stalin on Sunday said that the Centre is using agencies like IT department, enforcement directorate and CBI 'selectively' against AIADMK leaders for its own political benefits. ""The BJP government has not invested even one percent on trying to solve the real problems facing the people of Tamil Nadu,"" Stalin added."
BJP expels 21 members ahead of MCD polls	Days before civic polls in Delhi, the BJP on Saturday expelled 21 members for six years allegedly for anti-party activities. The expelled members include five sitting councillors, out which four are contesting the civic polls against the party's official candidates. Notably, the BJP has decided not to give tickets to all its sitting councillors in the three corporations.
I'm not dating Taapsee Pannu, she's my dearest friend: Saqib	"Actor Saqib Saleem has denied rumours of dating Taapsee Pannu and said that she's his dearest friend. He added, ""We are really comfortable in each other's company. She has an amazing sense of humour, and I love spending time with her."" Rumours of the two dating started when they reportedly went out for dinner on Taapsee's birthday in August 2016."
Indian team to tour SL for first full series in eight years	The Sri Lankan cricket board on Friday announced that India will tour Sri Lanka for a full series, beginning with a Test match at Galle from July 26. This will be India's first series involving all the three formats of the game in eight years in Sri Lanka. India last toured the island nation in 2015 for a Test series.
Aussie media an extension of team support staff: Gavaskar	"Former cricketer Sunil Gavaskar has said not much attention needs to be paid to Australian media, since they are an ""extension of the team's support staff"". Gavaskar added the focus now needed to shift to cricket from off-the-field issues surrounding Australia's tour of India. Indian captain Virat Kohli has been mocked by Australian publications, besides digs at Indian pitches."
First women-only Kanwar camp set up in Ghaziabad	In a first, Ghaziabad district administration has set up a women-only Kanwar camp in Modinagar. The camp can accommodate 20 pilgrims and has facilities like toilets, baths, and changing rooms to ensure privacy for the women pilgrims. The camp also has medical facilities and women constables are deployed to ensure the security of the women pilgrims.
Kill politicians, not soldiers: MP Pappu Yadav to Maoists	"Jan Adhikar Party MP Pappu Yadav on Wednesday urged the Maoists to kill political leaders instead of security personnel. ""Politicians are looting the country, so Maoists should first kill them,"" said the MP. Yadav also criticised PM Modi for the recent Maoist attack and said, ""Modi had claimed that corruption, terrorism, and Maoist problems will be eliminated after demonetisation."""
Sports Minister asks anti-dope body to criminalise doping	"Sports Minister Vijay Goel has asked the National Anti-Doping Agency to consider the possibility of making doping a criminal offence and adopt a ""Zero Tolerance Policy"". He also asked the agency to sensitise grassroots-level players about the ill-effects of doping through seminars. A mechanism to test food supplements, to ensure they free of prohibited substances, is also being set up."
Raj village bans girls from wearing jeans, keeping phones	The panchayat of a village in Rajasthan has issued an order prohibiting girls from wearing jeans or keeping mobile phones. The panchayat also decided that any dispute regarding the order would be referred to the panchayat head Phauran Singh and not to the police. Prohibition of liquor, betting and stopping intake of gutkha were other issues that were discussed.
Nagpur to become Wi-Fi enabled city by March 2017: Maha CM	Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday said Nagpur will become a Wi-Fi enabled city by March this year. Inaugurating the public Wi-Fi system under the Smart City project, Fadnavis stated that around 4,000 surveillance cameras have been installed in the city. Also, digital kiosks will be installed at bus stops to show location and timings of buses, he added.
KFC launches fried-chicken scented candles in New Zealand	KFC New Zealand has launched limited-edition candles that smell like KFC fried chicken. The fast food chain also launched a competition on social media, offering its winner a fried chicken-scented candle. Meanwhile, earlier this year, KFC launched an edible nail polish in two variants, namely 'Original' and 'Hot & Spicy,' in Hong Kong.
PM Modi reprimands BJP MPs for skipping Parliament sessions	Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday reprimanded BJP MPs for low attendance in the Parliament. He said that Bills are getting stuck because of the quorum not being complete in either House. PM Modi pointed out that especially on Fridays there is a no show from many members post lunch and such conduct is not acceptable.
Indian money in Swiss banks hits record low of ?4,500 crore	Money held by Indians in Switzerland banks fell to a record low of 676 million Swiss francs (?4,500 crore) in 2016. Marking the third straight year of decline, this is the lowest Indians held in Swiss banks since Switzerland began making the data public in 1987. Total money held by Indians fell 45%, marking the biggest-ever yearly decline.
Telecom dept to unveil portal on mobile radiation in a month	The Department of Telecom will launch a portal that will have data on mobile towers and transmitters within a month to allow people to track the radiation compliance status, officials said. Those who want to get the radiation levels tested by the government will have to pay a fee of ?5,000, Telecom Secretary JS Deepak said.
Idols worth ?1.5L stolen from ISKCON temple in Greater Noida	"Two 1.5-foot-tall idols of Gaura and Nitai worth around ?1.5 lakh were stolen from ISKCON temple in Greater Noida. A donation box that contained about ?25,000 was also missing. ""The thieves apparently used screwdrivers to remove screws of window grill and gain entry into the temple,"" said a police official."
Never approached Sabbir to direct, write 'Dabangg 3': Arbaaz	"Actor-filmmaker Arbaaz Khan has tweeted that Sabbir Khan, who directed the Tiger Shroff starrer 'Munna Michael', was never approached to direct or write 'Dabangg 3'. Arbaaz further wrote that Sabbir's statement to an English daily was ""untrue and rubbish"". Sabbir had earlier said that he was happy to be one of directors selected to work on Dabangg 3's final script."
Regret talking about Sridevi's Baahubali casting: Rajamouli	"Baahubali director SS Rajamouli has said that he regrets discussing Sridevi's casting for the film publicly and added that it was a mistake. Rajamouli had earlier said in an interview that they couldn't cast Sridevi due to her 'demands'. ""There were rumours that I asked for ?10 crore,"" said Sridevi and added that she was hurt by Rajamouli's remark."
Right to privacy not absolute, may be regulated: SC	"The Supreme Court on Wednesday observed that the right to privacy is not absolute and the state may put reasonable restrictions on it. Privacy is an ""amorphous"" term and defining it would be impossible, the court added. It further referred to the issue of data protection and said that its ambit was ""much wider"" than the right to privacy."
'Plastic rice' reports are fake, claims Tamil Nadu govt	The Tamil Nadu government has claimed that the reports of 'plastic rice' being sold in the state that spread panic among the people are fake. This comes after the food safety department carried out inspections in more than 50 shops in the district of Tanjore to ensure that there are no incidents of plastic rice.
HC asks Maha govt to frame policy for safer adventure sports	The Bombay High Court has directed the Maharashtra government to frame a comprehensive policy to regulate adventure sports in the state within three months. This came after petitioners claimed that the existing government resolution regulating adventure sports across Maharashtra was not being implemented effectively and that several provisions of the resolution were 'impractical'.
Kareena Kapoor offered ?6 crore for upcoming film: Reports	As per reports, actress Kareena Kapoor has been offered ?6 crore for a role in an upcoming film. The 36-year-old actress will reportedly be seen playing a character of her age in the film. Meanwhile, Kareena will shoot for the film 'Veere Di Wedding' next, which is being produced by Rhea Kapoor and Ekta Kapoor.
Afraid to go out for dinner with a man due to media: Karan	"Karan Johar revealed that he's afraid to go out for dinner with another man as the media reaches everywhere. He added, ""If you go out...with a man, (it's assumed) you're sleeping with him...two men can't be out for dinner just as friends."" In his biography, Karan has written that he was traumatised by rumours linking him and Shah Rukh Khan."
CBFC head Pahlaj slams IIFA for not nominating Aamir, Akshay	"CBFC chief Pahlaj Nihalani has slammed the IIFA Awards for not nominating Aamir Khan for 'Dangal' and Akshay Kumar for 'Airlift' or 'Rustom'. ""They haven't...nominated [them] just because they wouldn't attend their weekend holiday plans masquerading as an awards function,"" he added. Nihalani further said the award function lost its relevance when? Amitabh Bachchan opted out of it in 2011."
Don't carry obscene clips: Govt to Indians going to Saudi	The government has issued a list of dos and don?ts for people going to Saudi Arabia for jobs, asking them not to have any obscene clips on phone and anything related to black magic. It also advises not to have information on Saudi laws that are punishable with jail time and text related to any religion other than Islam.
Fur coat worn by Titanic survivor sells for over ?1 crore	A fur coat worn by a stewardess aboard the Titanic has been sold at an auction for over ?1 crore (£150,000), almost twice its valuation. Mabel Bennett is believed to have used the coat for protection when lifeboat crew arrived on the ship. It had been on display in a US museum, after being sold by her family in 1999.
Chant mantra against China before prayers: RSS	"The RSS has asked people to chant a mantra five times every day before starting prayers, to ""hurt"" China's interests. ""Kailash, Himalaya, aur Tibet Cheen ki asuri shakti se mukt ho (Kailash, Himalaya, and Tibet be delivered from the demonic clutches of China),"" says the mantra. The group said that the mantra will ""create positive action""."
Rajasthan govt Sanskrit school has 4 teachers, no students	Government Upper Primary Sanskrit School in Rajasthan's Sikar district has six classrooms, four teachers but not a single student. The student strength of the school, established in 1998, peaked to 55 in 2005 and then began to decline. Reportedly, the teachers now report for work at 8 am, water plants, read newspapers, chat among themselves and leave by 2 pm.
Missed watching my kids grow up due to jail term: Sanjay	"Sanjay Dutt has said he has missed watching his kids grow up owing to his prison term. He is the father to twins Iqra and Shahraan. ""Now all three of us don't seem to get enough of each other. I forget the world when I am with them. I want to involve myself more in their day-to-day lives,"" added Sanjay."
JPMorgan made $26.5 bn over 12 months, record for a US bank	JPMorgan Chase, the biggest US bank, made $26.5 billion over the past 12 months, a record profit for any US bank. It reported a profit of $7.03 billion for the second quarter, 13% higher than last year. However, its stock fell 0.9% on Friday, the most since May, while the S&P 500 index climbed to a record.
How can you make Aadhaar mandatory, SC asks Centre	"The Supreme Court on Friday asked the Centre, ""How can you make Aadhaar card mandatory when we have passed an order to make it optional?""  The Centre argued that they had found a number of PAN cards being used to divert funds to shell companies, and making Aadhaar mandatory was the only option to prevent it."
More than stardom I believe AbRam is born for Lovedom: SRK	"Shah Rukh Khan, while replying to a fan's tweet appreciating his youngest son AbRam's calmness among crowds, wrote, ""More than stardom I believe he is born for Lovedom!"" Earlier, Shah Rukh had said that unlike Aryan and Suhana, his 4-year-old son AbRam is more people friendly and gets happy seeing his fans."
If Hindutva is way of life, then Islam too is: Owaisi	"AIMIM President Asaduddin Owaisi has said that if Supreme Court can identify Hindutva as a way of life, then Islam and Christianity are also a way of life for many.  ""Largely Hindus are secular but they got carried away by a man who speaks very well. And, this is because Congress couldn't stop BJP from coming to power,"" he added."
India will now be scared to prepare turning pitches: Ganguly	"Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly on Saturday called for more sporting pitches to be prepared for the remaining three matches of the ongoing Test series. ""If Australia's spinners keep bowling so accurately, India will be scared of preparing turning pitches,"" said Ganguly. ""India's best chance would be to play on good pitches,"" added the former cricketer."
Use of astrologers for poll results a violation of law: EC	"The Election Commission on Thursday ruled that the media, both electronic and print, cannot use astrologers and tarot readers in the period when there is a ban on broadcasting exit polls. ""It has been observed that some of the TV channels telecast certain programmes projecting the number of seats likely to be won by political parties,"" said the poll panel."
US thought India will capture PoK after 1971 B?desh war: CIA	"The declassified CIA documents have revealed that after the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation war the then US government had thought ex-PM Indira Gandhi might order an attack to capture Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.  ""It is reported that prior to terminating the present hostilities, Mrs Gandhi intends to attempt to eliminate Pakistan's armour and air force capabilities,"" CIA had said as per the documents."
Why do passports have four primary colours?	Passport colours are derived from four primary colours- red, green, blue or black, according to Arton Group, which runs a passport database. Blue passports are believed to belong to 'new-world' nations including India and Australia. Red passports usually belong to nations with a communist history. Additionally, black passports, used by New Zealand among others, are known to be the rarest.
First full-length opera at Mumbai's Royal Opera House	Mumbai's Royal Opera House will host a full opera performance this month, its first since the venue closed down in 1993. II Matrimonio Segreto, or The Secret Marriage, is an 18th century opera and will be performed by an all-Indian cast. The recently-restored opera house is owned by the former royal family of Gondal and was reopened in 2016.
MakeMyTrip to raise ?2,115 crore via share sale	Online travel firm MakeMyTrip on Wednesday said it will raise $330 million (over ?2,115 crore) through share sale to investors as well as to Nasdaq-listed Ctrip and Naspers arm MIH Internet. The closing of placement and the transactions with Ctrip and MIH is likely to happen on or around May 5 this year. In 2016, MakeMyTrip bought rival ibibo Group.
Govt to seek info on deposits during note ban in I-T returns	"The government will seek data on deposits made by an individual during the demonetisation period as part of the Income Tax Returns for the assessment year 2017-18. According to reports, the government has introduced a new column for obtaining details of such deposits. ""This is... an effort to ascertain what deposits were made during the demonetisation period,"" an official said."
Bajrang Dal attacks police station to rescue 5 detained men	Bajrang Dal activists on Saturday attacked Sadar Bazaar police station in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, to rescue five of their co-workers who were detained by the police following clashes. The agitators also set a vehicle ablaze during the attack on the police station wherein one policeman got injured. The attackers demanded action against police and withdrawal of assault case on co-workers.
Italian restaurant offers discount for well-behaved children	"A restaurant owner in Italy has been offering families a 5% discount if their children are well-behaved. Antonio Ferrari, who does not have children of his own, estimated that about 30% of parents do not know how to handle their children at lunchtime. However, the 40-year-old said he was not being judgemental, adding, ""I imagine how difficult parenting is today."""
Telcos to bleed this fiscal as well due to Jio, says Crisil	"Telecom operators will continue to face difficulties in 2017-18 as well and two of the top three telcos are set to ""bleed"" due to intense competition from Reliance Jio, a Crisil report said. For this fiscal, Crisil sees a muted 0-5% revenue growth for top telcos. Notably, Jio is estimated to have cornered 55% of total data consumption since launch."
Abu Salem can't be kept in jail beyond 25 yrs, argues lawyer	The lawyer representing 1993 Mumbai blasts convict Abu Salem has argued that he cannot be sentenced to death or to jail for over 25 years under a treaty with Portugal. Salem was brought back under the treaty after he was detained in Portugal in 2002. The lawyer also said Salem's detention period should be counted as 15 years already served.
Don?t obstruct people in temple as they pray: HC to priests	"The Delhi High Court on Friday observed that priests should give devotees one or two seconds to communicate with God and should not obstruct them while managing the crowd. ""There's only a fraction of a second for a person to view the deity?here the fraction of a second isn't unobstructed,"" the court said in regards to Kalkaji Temple in Delhi."
Indo-American Founder of health startup becomes billionaire	Rishi Shah, the Indian-American Founder of healthcare startup Outcome Health, who quit college 10 years ago to become an entrepreneur, is now a billionaire. Outcome saw a recent $600 million venture capital investment that pushed 31-year-old Shah?s wealth to $3.6 billion. Notably, the firm installs touch screens in doctors' offices and uses specialised software to help in treatment decisions.
BSF jawan's wife demands CBI inquiry into food quality row	"Sharmila, the wife of BSF jawan Tej Bahadur who had posted video alleging poor-quality food being served at border posts, has demanded a CBI inquiry into the matter. ""We don't want an internal inquiry, CBI must inquire. Truth will be out only then,"" she said. This comes after the Ministry of Home Affairs report refuted Tej Bahadur's claims."
Emirates, Etihad suspend Qatar flights amid diplomatic row	"Emirates, Etihad, Air Arabia and flydubai have suspended flights to Qatar starting Tuesday, after the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt, Libya and Yemen broke off all diplomatic ties with the fellow Gulf Arab state. The countries accused Qatar of supporting ""terrorism"" and ""extremism,"" in the Gulf Arab region's worst rift in years. Meanwhile, Qatar Airways suspended all flights to Saudi.n"
Kerala Youth Congress workers suspended for killing cow	"Kerala Youth Congress suspended the party's workers who organised a protest wherein they slaughtered a cow in public in Kannur on Sunday. The workers also distributed the cooked meat to people. ""What happened in Kerala yesterday is thoughtless, barbaric and completely unacceptable to me and the Congress Party. I strongly condemn the incident,"" Rahul Gandhi said in a tweet."
Harbhajan asks Kumble for increased fees for Ranji players	Harbhajan Singh has written a letter to Anil Kumble, asking for his intervention in increasing the match fees of Ranji Trophy cricketers. A Ranji player is paid ?1.5 lakh for a first-class game, whereas a Test player gets ?15 lakh. Kumble will make a presentation to the Committee of Administrators on May 21 for a pay hike for BCCI-contracted cricketers.
Delhi man kidnaps kids to force their mother to marry him	A 22-year-old Delhi man was arrested on Thursday for allegedly kidnapping two children in order to force their mother to marry him. Their father had complained to the police that the children were kidnapped from school and was reportedly suspicious of the accused, who was the mother's friend. The children, aged 8 and 10, were rescued.
Veteran actor Dilip Kumar hospitalised in Mumbai	"Veteran actor Dilip Kumar has been admitted to Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai, following kidney complications and dehydration. The doctors treating the 94-year-old actor have said that he is stable and currently recuperating in the general ward while adding, ""There is no cause for concern."" The veteran actor had also been hospitalised twice last year due to medical reasons."
Over 80,000 children 'wasting' from hunger in Myanmar: UN	"Over 80,000 children under the age of 5 in the Rakhine State of Myanmar are ""wasting"" and will need treatment for acute malnutrition, the UN has warned. Wasting is the condition of rapid weight loss which impairs the immune system. The food situation in the state worsened after a military crackdown that forced over 75,000 Muslim Rohingya to flee."
Teenager killed for not lending scooter, minor among 3 held	Two men have been arrested and a juvenile apprehended for allegedly killing 18-year-old boy Gulfam in Delhi's Nand Nagri area after he refused to lend his scooter to the juvenile, the police said. Gulfam's sister told police that he was forcibly taken to a park on Thursday by the three accused, where the juvenile attacked him with a knife.
Beer a health drink, govt promoting its sale: AP Minister	"Andhra Pradesh Excise Minister KS Jawahar termed beer a 'health drink' while speaking at a TV talk show. ""Beer is a health drink and that's why his government is promoting its sale in the state"", he said. The state is planning to open round-the-clock 'beer parlours' in the state to attract foreign tourists."
N Korean elite turning against Kim Jong-un, says defector	"North Korea's former deputy ambassador to London, Thae Yong-ho, who defected to South Korea last year has said that the country's elite are turning against Kim Jong-un. ""When Kim Jong-un first came to power, I was hopeful that he would make reasonable and rational decisions...but I soon fell into despair watching him purging officials for no proper reasons,"" he added."
Harry Potter actor Daniel helps tourist attacked by robbers	"'Harry Potter' actor Daniel Radcliffe helped a tourist who was attacked by two men on bikes in London. The victim was walking when the men stole his bag and left him with an injury. ""He was a really nice bloke, a lot of stars wouldn't have stopped to help,"" said a former policeman who tried to intervene during the robbery."
CBFC to reissue certificate to Jolly LLB 2 after HC order	The Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) will have to reissue the film certificate to 'Jolly LLB 2' following the Bombay High Court's order to delete four scenes in the film. One of these scenes shows a shoe being hurled. The film's producers will reportedly approach the Supreme Court again as the film is due for release on February 10.
Sri Lankan sports minister backs probe into 2011 WC loss	Sri Lanka's Sports Minister has given his support for an official probe into the national side's loss in the final of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2011. The Sri Lanka cricket team lost the World Cup final by six wickets at Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium. It is alleged that four last-minute squad changes were made, without the minister's customary approval.
Man sets himself on fire in Aus protesting immigration dept	"A man set himself on fire in Sydney protesting against the Australian Immigration Department on Friday, reports said. Adding that the police negotiated with the man for 8-10 minutes before he set himself alight, officials said the man was ""deeply disturbed and upset"". He ""would have killed himself"" if police had not doused him with a fire extinguisher, they added."
Mumbai GST officials working under leaky roofs, no power	Around 500 GST officials in Mumbai are working in an office with leaky roofs and no electricity. A chunk of the ceiling of a Deputy Commissioner's cabin collapsed while he was working six feet away. Further, the conference room's ceiling collapsed, while one part of the building has no electricity. Officials also reportedly work on computers with umbrellas open overhead.
Don't support vigilantism, law-order state issue: Govt to SC	As the Supreme Court (SC) was hearing a petition against mob lynching in the name of cow protection on Friday, the Centre told the SC that it does not support any kind of vigilantism. It added that the law and order is a state issue and the Central government does not have any role in it.
Game of Thrones puts women at the forefront: Gwendoline	"Actress Gwendoline Christie, known for her role as Brienne of Tarth in the HBO series Game of Thrones, has said that unlike other shows, GoT puts women at the forefront. Gwendoline added that the series explores female characters in an unconventional way, as ""people in their own right"", and not simply as mothers, sisters, girlfriends or wives."
Pride Parade held in Lucknow for the first time	Lucknow held its first LGBTIQA Pride Parade on Sunday, which saw the participation of nearly 300 people. The organiser of the parade said that many family members also joined the parade in support. People from different cities including Mumbai, Kolkata, Chandigarh and Jaipur were also a part of the parade.
Sectarian attacks in India might help al-Qaeda: US expert	An increasing number of sectarian attacks in India might help drive support to terror group al-Qaeda, a top US expert, Katherine Zimmerman, has warned. Adding that al-Qaeda re-consolidated in North Africa after the rise of ISIS, Zimmerman said that the militant group remains embedded in the insurgencies and is looking to reassert itself in the Indian subcontinent through Punjab.
Russian athlete stripped of London Olympics gold for doping	"Russia's Mariya Savinova-Farnosova has been stripped of her 800-metre London 2012 Olympic gold after the Court of Arbitration for Sport on Friday imposed a four-year ban saying there was ""clear evidence"" she used performance-enhancing drugs. All of Savinova's results from July 26, 2010, to August 19, 2013, have been disqualified, stripping off her 2011 world championships gold among other medals."
Wasn't making fun of anyone: Taapsee on K Raghavendra remark	"Actress Taapsee Pannu, who was bashed for her remark on Telugu filmmaker K Raghavendra Rao, has said her comment was purely on the basis of facts and she wasn't making fun of anyone but herself. Taapsee added, ""If people are just going to sit there...so they can start throwing sh*t around at other people, you can never stop them."""
Railways ordered to pay ?1.3 lakh over bag lost 14 years ago	A consumer court has ordered the Indian Railways to pay over ?1.3 lakh to a 74-year-old who lost her luggage 14 years ago while travelling to Secunderabad. Radha Ramnathan was carrying valuables including diamonds and gold in her luggage. She claimed there was no chain under her seat to fasten the luggage and many unauthorised passengers had entered the coach.n
Opposed cutting Chelsea Manning's jail term: Pentagon chief	US Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Wednesday said he had opposed commuting the prison sentence of convicted whistleblower Chelsea Manning. President Barack Obama has reduced Manning's 35-year prison term by nearly 29 years. Manning, a former US Army soldier, was convicted in 2013 of espionage and other crimes for leaking classified information while deployed in Iraq.
UP govt bans employee strikes at universities, colleges	The Yogi Adityanath-led Uttar Pradesh government has banned employees in state universities and colleges from going on a strike till June 30. The period was reportedly chosen keeping in mind the busy academic calendar in the next three months. Any university employee taking part in a strike can now be sent to jail for up to six months.
SC refuses urgent hearing to plea seeking to postpone budget	"The Supreme Court has refused to give an urgent hearing to a plea seeking that the Budget be presented in March and said it will hear the matter in ""the due course of time"". Earlier, opposition parties like Congress and Trinamool, among others demanded the budget be presented after the polling for the upcoming state Assembly elections ends."
Sec 144 imposed in Haryana's Rohtak over proposed Jat stir	nAfter the Jat community threatened to continue its pro-reservation agitation from January 29, Section 144 has been imposed in the parts of Haryana's Rohtak district. The officials have enforced the ban on gatherings of more than four people in about 500 meters from national and state highways. The government is also keeping a close watch on some Jat leaders.
Nasser Hussain suggests three-point plan to dismiss Kohli	Former England captain Nasser Hussain has suggested a three-point plan to dismiss Indian captain Virat Kohli. The three-point strategy outlined by Hussain includes forcing Kohli to play shots on one side of the field. Hussain also advised the English players that they should work on Virat Kohli's ego and bowl bouncers to him to try dismissing him.
Who is Kulbhushan Jadhav, Indian sentenced to death in Pak?	Indian national Kulbhushan Jadhav, who was awarded the death sentence by Pakistan on Monday, has been recognised by the Indian government as a former naval officer. Jadhav joined the Indian National Defence Academy in 1987 and the Indian Navy in 1991. Jadhav reportedly became a businessman after taking retirement from the Navy and travelled across the world.
PM Modi honours martyrs on 18th Kargil Vijay Diwas	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday took to Twitter to honour and pay tribute to the martyrs of Kargil war on the occasion of 18th Kargil Vijay Diwas. ""Kargil Vijay Diwas reminds us of India's military prowess & the great sacrifices our armed forces make while steadfastly keeping India safe,"" PM Modi said in one of the tweets."
Centre asks AAP to explain party's overseas funding	"The BJP-led Union government has asked the Aam Aadmi Party to provide information on its overseas funding after the Home Ministry suspected that it might have violated the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act. However, an official said the communication to the AAP was part of its ""routine"" queries, which were sent to a few other political parties regarding their overseas funding."
Delhi cop masturbates at woman constable in training academy	A Delhi police officer has been suspended for allegedly getting drunk and masturbating before a woman constable at a training academy. The cop also inappropriately touched two other women constables who then warned him of informing senior officials about his actions. A senior police officer has confirmed the incident and said a departmental inquiry is being conducted in this case.
Sci-fi film War for the Planet of the Apes hits the theatres	"Science fiction film 'War for the Planet of the Apes' which released on Friday, ""is the rare blockbuster that arrives once, maybe twice every year"", wrote Hindustan Times. Times of India said, ""[It's] a thought-provoking and emotionally resonant film that balances action and special effects"", while Mid-Day described it as ""brilliantly-scripted"". It was rated 4.5/5 (HT), 4/5 (TOI), 3.5/5 (Mid-Day)."
Maharashtra to launch airports in 9 small cities in a year	The Maharashtra government is reportedly planning to start operations at 9 city airports under the Centre?s Regional Connectivity Scheme, to make travel to smaller cities easier. Connectivity will be provided to Nanded, Solapur, Kolhapur, Jalgaon, Nashik, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, Gondia, and Amravati. Incentives like free security will be made available to the airports to make them viable.
Australia to build one of world's longest electric highways	Australia's Queensland is building a 2,000-kilometre network of electric vehicle charging stations, which will make up one of the longest electric vehicle highways in the world. The Electric Super Highway will be completed within six months. Its stations will offer free power for at least one year, in an attempt to boost the number of electric cars in Queensland.
Rio 2016 termed as the most perfect imperfect Games	"The 2016 Rio Olympics may not have been perfect but organisers exceeded expectations given the political and economic situation in Brazil, the International Olympic Committee said. Rio was the first ever South American city to host the Olympics. ""Someone called them (Rio 2016) the most perfect imperfect Games,"" an IOC spokesman said, and added that it was a good characterisation."
SpiceJet passengers, crew face-off over delay	Passengers and cabin crew got into an argument on Tuesday after a Delhi-Bengaluru SpiceJet flight was repeatedly delayed. Passengers, including children, reportedly sat inside the aircraft for hours while no reason was given for the delay. The flight was scheduled to depart at 8:55 pm, while passengers were reportedly accommodated on a different aircraft that departed at 12:25 am.
Indian team avoided Vijay Mallya at charity event: Report	Members of the Indian cricket team reportedly avoided absconding liquor baron Vijay Mallya during a charity ball organised by Virat Kohli's foundation in London for the Justice and Care organisation. The Indian cricket team players maintained distance from the fugitive businessman and were reportedly forced to leave early in order to avoid any controversy.
Virat gives me freedom to express myself: Bumrah	"Indian pacer Jasprit Bumrah has said that Indian captain Virat Kohli gives him freedom to express himself on the field. ""You bowl according to situations, whether at the death or at the beginning. The aim is to stick to a plan and execute it,"" Bumrah added. Notably, Bumrah's tournament economy rate at the ICC Champions Trophy is 4.47."
No DU college gets highest grade in UGC's assessment	None of the Delhi University colleges managed to get the highest grade (A++) in the quality assessment conducted by the National Accreditation and Assessment Council, an autonomous body of UGC. Only three out of the 62 colleges secured the second-highest grade (A+). The three colleges were Shri Ram College of Commerce, Lady Shri Ram College for Women, and Hindu College.
Only 16% infiltration bids succeeded in J&K	Only 16% of the 115 militants who tried to cross the Line of Control this year to enter Jammu and Kashmir succeeded till May 31, according to Home Ministry officials. Reportedly, 119 terrorists managed to enter the country last year. This comes after the Home Ministry said 88 Kashmiri youths joined militancy in 2016, the highest in last six years.
Don't sledge Virat Kohli, Michael Hussey tells Australia	"Former Australian batsman Michael Hussey has said the Australian team should avoid sledging Virat Kohli during their upcoming four-match Test series in India. ""I wouldn't try and fire him up. He thrives on that and he's a real competitor...loves being in the fight,"" said Hussey. During India's tour to Australia in 2014, Virat had hit a century after being sledged."
Killers of Amarnath pilgrims not Muslims: Farooq Abdullah	"National Conference President Farooq Abdullah on Tuesday apologised to the people of the country for the attack on Amarnath pilgrims and said that those killers were not Muslims. He further said, ""I want to tell you that we are not the ones who kill people. Even today, when a yatri comes here, it's the Kashmiri Muslim who carries his baggage."""
Delhi govt ties up with private hospitals for free surgeries	The AAP government has tied up with as many as 41 private hospitals in Delhi to facilitate 30 types of surgeries free of cost for patients referred by the national capital's government hospitals. These hospitals will be compensated at government rates for the complete treatment. It will include pre-surgery consultation, surgery, medicines, and follow-ups for a month after discharge.
BSF starts operation to strengthen vigil at Rajasthan border	The Border Security Force (BSF) has launched an operation 'Sard Hawa' at the Rajasthan border, under which vigil will be beefed-up as infiltration rises due to dense fog in the area. The operation will continue till January 28. BSF Deputy Inspector General Ravi Gandhi said the jawans will patrol with advanced weapons in the areas near to the border.
Mumbai University results to be out by August after delays	University of Mumbai (MU) hopes to declare the results of the examinations conducted this year between March and April by the second week of August, MU officials said. The university had adopted an on-screen assessment system which reportedly caused the delay, prompting protests. Several MU colleges have started post-graduate classes without the results being declared to avoid further delays.
Satirical Trump-centric animated TV series to be made	"A new satirical animated series focusing on US President Donald Trump is set to be made by Stephen Colbert, the host of American talk show 'The Late Show' for the television network 'Showtime'. ""I know a lot of people wanted to do this, and I'm honoured that the Cartoon President invited our documentary crew into his private world,"" said Colbert."
Fingers crossed: Jacqueline on working with Salman in a film	"Actress Jacqueline Fernandez, when asked if she will star opposite Salman Khan in Remo D'Souza's upcoming dance film, said, ""Fingers crossed. Pray for me."" Salman will reportedly play a trained dancer, who's father to a 13-year-old girl in the film. In an earlier interview, Salman revealed that although this a dance-based film, it's not a sequel to 'ABCD 2'."
We live in a very classist society: Shenaz Treasury	"Actress Shenaz Treasury, while speaking about nepotism, said we live in a very classist society. ""Nepotism exists. Not just in Bollywood but in every profession in India,"" she added. Further, speaking about Kangana Ranaut who called filmmaker Karan Johar 'flagbearer of nepotism', Shenaz said, ""People like Kangana have to work a million times harder than someone from a filmy family."""
Muslims don't vote for us, but we gave them sanctity: Prasad	"Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Friday said that though Muslims don't vote for the BJP, the BJP government has given them ""proper sanctity"". ""We have got 13 chief ministers of our own. We are ruling the country. Have we victimised any Muslim gentleman working in the industry or service? Have we dismissed them,"" he asked."
Railways cancels caterer's contract as lizard found in food	"The Ministry of Railways has cancelled a caterer's contract after a passenger found dead lizard in vegetable biryani served on Howrah-New Delhi Poorva Express. The passenger had ordered and eaten the dish without noticing the lizard but felt unwell later, a co-passenger tweeted. The incident follows CAG's report stating food on trains is ""unfit for human consumption""."
'Virgin' now corrected to 'Unmarried' in IGIMS' form	The Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) in Patna on Thursday made corrections in its Marital Declaration Form by changing 'Virgin' option to 'Unmarried'. Earlier, Bihar Health Minister defined virgin as being an unmarried woman and did not consider the term objectionable. The institute, however, faced strong backlash for asking new recruits to declare their virginity in the form.
Nelson Mandela book withdrawn after outrage from widow	A new book detailing Nelson Mandela's last days has been withdrawn after it was condemned by his widow, the publisher Penguin Random House has announced, saying that it was in no way intended to be disrespectful. The book revealed several undignified episodes at the end of Mandela's life as well as family quarrels over his care and legacy.
Gym trainer murders Flipkart delivery man over smartphone	Police have arrested a Bengaluru gym trainer for allegedly murdering a Flipkart delivery man as he did not have money to pay for the Redmi Note 3 mobile phone he had ordered. The victim was found with his throat slit in the basement of the gym. Reportedly, the accused also stole the other phones in the delivery man's bag.
China quotes Nehru on Sikkim, rejects other parts of letter	"China on Monday supported its claim of India trespassing in its territory by citing the 1890 Sikkim-Tibet treaty, and said that India's first PM Jawaharlal Nehru ""explicitly recognised"" it. However, it rejects what Nehru had written about the 1842 treaty on Ladakh and the drawing of the McMahon line in Simla in 1914, in the same letter in 1959."
Delhi once had a system of trams	A trams transport system was introduced in Delhi in 1908. By 1921, Delhi reportedly had about 15 kilometres of tram track with 24 functioning trams. The system was however stopped due to congestion in the 1960s. The government in 2015 planned to reintroduce trams as public transport in Chandni Chowk area but abandoned the idea, citing high infrastructure cost.
People of UP rejected Muslims' appeasement politics: BJP MP	"BJP MP Yogi Adityanath on Saturday said that the massive mandate which the people of Uttar Pradesh have given to BJP indicates that voters have rejected the politics of Muslims' appeasement. ""BJP's campaign was full of positivity but those by the SP-Congress alliance and BSP focused on Muslims' appeasement,"" he alleged."
US woman sets building on fire while trying to kill bug	A woman trying to burn a bug inside her bedroom in the US state of Kansas started a fire that forced the evacuation of the entire building. The fire started after the lighter that the woman used malfunctioned. Officials estimated property worth $140,000 was damaged and no serious injuries were reported in the fire. n
Modi must go, let Advani, Jaitley or Rajnath lead: Mamata	"West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi must go and be replaced by senior BJP leaders LK Advani, Arun Jaitley or Rajnath Singh as the head of the government. ""In the current situation, a national government should be formed with another BJP person at the helm... to save the country,"" Banerjee said."
Stop promoting GST or face protests: Congress to Amitabh	"Days after the central government roped in actor Amitabh Bachchan to promote GST, the opposition Congress on Wednesday asked Big B to refrain from doing so or face protests. ""He should not promote GST in its current form. There is already anger among traders against it,"" Mumbai Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam said."
Noida housing society allows banned maids to resume work	After banning maids from entering the society following protests over an allegedly missing maid, Noida's Mahagun Moderne Society has reportedly allowed them to resume work. It was earlier decided that maids who participated in the protest will not be allowed to resume work, but many maids were reportedly hired again after the residents took responsibility for them.
Demonetisation wasn?t electoral or political decision: BJP	"BJP National General Secretary Ram Madhav has said demonetisation was never an electoral or political decision, it was taken in the long-term interest of the economy. He further asserted that there was no parallel economy running after demonetisation. ""Black money is the result of aberrations in the society and whoever is holding the same needs to be punished,"" he added.n"
2 men 'marry' to protest reopening of liquor shops in TN	"Two men staged a mock wedding in Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu, to protest the reopening of state-owned liquor shops in the state. People had earlier forced closure of liquor outlets, citing the ill-effects of alcohol. The shops reopened recently, with protestors staging the mock wedding saying, ""If you are an alcoholic, we will not let our women marry you."""
Kejriwal to face trial in defamation case filed by Jaitley	Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and five other AAP leaders will face trial in a criminal defamation case filed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Jaitley has claimed AAP leaders made defamatory remarks against him over alleged financial irregularities in Delhi's cricket association, which he earlier headed for 13 years. Kumar Vishwas and Ashutosh are among the AAP leaders to face trial.
Gurugram civic body to auction 20 tax defaulter properties	The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) has announced plans to auction 20 out of 519 sealed properties of property tax defaulters in the city next month. This comes after MCG offered a rebate and interest waivers on tax dues until July 15. Notably, the MCG has collected over ?400 crore property tax this year, compared to ?387 crore last year.
Player refuses to appear before PCB's anti-corruption panel	Pakistan's suspended batsman Khalid Latif, who has been charged with spot-fixing, refused to appear before Pakistan Cricket Board's Anti-Corruption Unit in Lahore. Khalid had approached the Lahore High Court earlier to challenge PCB's authority of appointing an anti-corruption tribunal to hear the spot-fixing cases. Khalid was allegedly involved in the spot-fixing scandal in Pakistan Super League.
Note ban a historic move for welfare of the poor: Jaitley	"At the BJP national executive meet, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday termed the Centre's demonetisation move as a ""historic"" and ""bold"" decision towards the welfare of the poor in the country. Claiming that the move closed the lifeline of terror funding and fake currency, Jaitley added, ""Demonetisation was a crippling blow to terror, fake currency note racket, and insurgency."""
Nehru only added Article 370 in Constitution: Swamy	"BJP MP Subramanian Swamy on Friday said that the former PM Jawaharlal Nehru's sole contribution to the Constitution was the controversial Article 370. Taking potshots at JNU, Swamy further said that Nehru has left students of JNU as his political successors. ""They (JNU students) encourage people who throw stones at our soldiers in Kashmir,"" he added.n"
Amarnath Yatra attack mastermind to be Kashmir LeT chief	Abu Ismail, mastermind of the Amarnath Yatra attack, will reportedly replace Abu Dujana as the Kashmir division chief of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT). Dujana was killed by the security forces on Tuesday after a seven-hour gunfight in south Kashmir's Pulwama district. Notably, eight pilgrims were killed and 18 were injured in the Amarnath Yatra attack last month.
Kumar like younger brother, nobody can separate us: Kejriwal	Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday denied any rift with Kumar Vishwas and said the AAP leader was like his younger brother. Kejriwal added that some people were trying to show that there is a rift between the two but nobody could separate them. This comes after AAP MLA Amanatullah Khan alleged that Kumar was conspiring to break the party.
16-yr-old rape victim gives birth to baby in Delhi school	A 16-year-old Class 10 student on Thursday gave birth to a premature baby girl in her school's washroom in Delhi's Mukherjee Nagar. Neither the girl's parents nor her teachers and classmates were aware of her 26-week pregnancy, reports said. Police said the girl was impregnated by her 51-year-old neighbour, who raped her eight times in as many months.
Benami Act violators may face 7 years jail, fine: I-T dept	The I-T Department has warned that people who undertake Benami transactions will face rigorous imprisonment of up to 7 years besides being liable to pay fine of around 25% of the fair market value of Benami properties. Further, it said Benami properties may be confiscated and this will be in addition to action under other laws like Income Tax Act.
Rana Daggubati shares details about prank on co-star Prabhas	"Actor Rana Daggubati in a recent episode of a chat show revealed that he once prank called his Baahubali co-star Prabhas and said that he wanted help because police had caught him. Prabhas replied, ""Tell the police that you are in Baahubali 2 as my companion and they will leave you."""
64% students fail in Class 12 Bihar board exams	Nearly 64% of the 12 lakh Class 12 students of the Bihar board have failed in this year's examinations after its results were declared on Tuesday. In the Science stream, 69% students failed while 25% students failed in the Commerce stream. The officials said the pass percentage has come down as several steps were taken to stop cheating and malpractices.
Zaheer, Dravid not foisted on head coach: Sachin in letter	"Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman have written to Committee of Administrators head Vinod Rai, asking him to clarify that Rahul Dravid and Zaheer Khan were made consultants after discussion with Ravi Shastri. ""There have been suggestions the CAC exceeded its ambit...It has pained us to see the light in which the CAC has been portrayed,"" wrote Sachin."
BSF seizes fake ?2k notes worth ?2 lakh from Malda	The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized fake ?2,000 notes worth ?2 lakh from West Bengal's Malda district. This comes after the BSF arrested a fake currency racketeer, identified as Umar Faruq, from Churiantpur border outpost in Malda. The police interrogated him and he informed them that the delivery of fake notes from Bangladesh was scheduled for late Tuesday night.
Beef festival organised in Aizawl as Rajnath visits Mizoram	A group of activists organised beef festival in Aizawl on Monday when Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh visited Mizoram to hold a meeting with chief ministers of states sharing borders with Myanmar. The security arrangement for Rajnath's visit to Aizawl was also beefed up in the wake of the beef festival being organised by ZOlife Group and some activists.
Daifa-e-Pakistan formed to boost terrorism in J&K: Reports	Over 30 religious and jihadi groups have reportedly come together to form Daifa-e-Pakistan that carried out rallies in Pakistan to boost terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir. The aim of the movement is to create a new force of terrorism and channel it against India, reports claimed. The participants allegedly included the leaders of banned terror groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba, Hizbul Mujahideen.
My son Aarav's friends call me savage: Twinkle Khanna	"Twinkle Khanna has revealed that her son Aarav's friends call her 'savage', and she believes that it's a compliment in today's times. She added, ""It sounds awful, but I believe it's a good thing. My son says so, at least."" Twinkle further said that she tries to be a friendly mother to her kids."
DCW issues notice to Delhi Police over CCTV installations	The Delhi Commission for Women has issued a notice to Delhi Police seeking an explanation for not installing CCTVs in all the police stations. The DCW has sought a list of police stations with and without CCTVs along with the number of cameras, location and working status of each. No CCTV has been installed by police, a report has stated.
BJP leader calls Mamata 'Babur' for renaming Centre's scheme	"For changing the names of the Central government schemes, BJP leader Chandra Kumar Bose compared West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee to Mughal Emperor Babur who demolished Ram Temple in Ayodhya and built Babri Masjid. ""I think it's very foolish of Mamata to...give a name at the state level for the same scheme which the Centre has actually adopted,"" Bose added."
36 lakh bank accounts saw cash deposits of ?10 lakh or more	Union Minister Santosh Gangwar has said that over 36 lakh bank accounts witnessed cash deposits of ?10 lakh or more, in a financial year. However, Gangwar didn't specify the financial year of these deposits. Notably, I-T rules state banks must report cash deposits aggregating ?10 lakh or more in a financial year, in one or more accounts of a person.
Hyderabad Int'l Airport south India's 1st to go 100% LED-lit	The Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) in Hyderabad is set to become south India's first airport to go 100% LED-lit. With the entire Taxiway Edge Lights converted from halogen lamps to energy efficient LEDs, the authorities claimed that 75% work on the project has been completed. Of the 26,000 conventional lamps at RGIA, over 19,500 have been converted into LED.
65-year-old sets record at National Shooting Championship	Nirmal Yadav, a 65-year-old woman shooter from Delhi, set a record at the recently-concluded National Shooting Championship in Pune. She shot 341/400 in the Veteran Women's 10-metre Air Pistol event to claim the national record in the category. Nirmal, wife of a former Major General, started shooting two years back and has won gold at a national championship last year.
Why was India's capital shifted from Calcutta to Delhi?	Delhi was officially announced as the capital of British Raj by the then-Emperor George V, on December 12, 1911. The capital was shifted from Calcutta as Delhi was the financial and political seat of many earlier empires and was located closer to the geographical center of India. The rising nationalist movement in Calcutta was also responsible for the shift.
I will give my best in new role, says RBI Deputy Guv Acharya	"Viral Acharya, who has been appointed as a Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India, on Thursday said he will give his best in the new role. ""I am honoured at being offered the opportunity and hope to give it my best,"" Acharya stated. Acharya has been appointed for a three-year term and will take charge on January 20, 2017."
CVC can now probe corruption cases in private sector banks	Central Vigilance Commission can now probe corruption allegations against private sector banks and their employees. This comes after Supreme Court ruled that all officials working in banks operating under RBI licence would be defined as public servants under Prevention of Corruption Act. The necessary mechanism has now been set up and corruption cases in these banks are being looked into.
If Yogi is UP CM, Dawood can be CBI Director, tweets Shirish	"Filmmaker Shirish Kunder has slammed Yogi Adityanath's appointment as the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh by comparing it to how Dawood Ibrahim can be made CBI Director. Shirish also tweeted, ""Hoping a goon will stop rioting once he's allowed to rule is like expecting a rapist to stop raping once he's allowed to rape."" However, the tweets have been deleted."
Chinese Army capable of defeating invading armies: Prez	Addressing a military parade on Sunday to mark the 90th anniversary of the country's Army, Chinese President Xi Jinping said the Army has the capability to defeat invading enemies and protect the country's sovereignty. This comes amid the ongoing China-India military standoff over the disputed Doklam region in which China has accused India of trespassing into its territory.
Aamir to get 70% of profit Thugs of Hindostan makes: Report	"As per reports, Thugs of Hindostan's producer Aditya Chopra has agreed to share 70% of the film's profit with actor Aamir Khan. Post Dangal's success, it is being said that only few people question Aamir on his deals. A source said, ""If Thugs of Hindostan makes that amount of money (?1,000 crore), Adi (Aditya Chopra) will get almost ?300 crore."""
Armstrong?s bag with traces of moon dust sells for ?11.6cr	A bag used by US astronaut Neil Armstrong to bring moon dust samples back to Earth was sold for $1.8 million (?11.58 crore) at an auction in New York on Thursday. After the Apollo 11 mission, the bag was stolen from Houston's Johnson Space Center before being found years later. The bag reportedly still contains traces of moon dust.
Go, meet voters: Amit Shah to Delhi BJP leaders	BJP President Amit Shah has expressed displeasure over the state of affairs in the BJP's Delhi unit at a meeting with the unit's office-bearers. He reportedly asked them to spend more time meeting common people rather than just the top leaders. He also addressed the issues of lack of coordination between office-bearers and subordinates, and favouritism in the party.
Mamata calls for peace in Darjeeling, flies to Netherlands	West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has appealed to the people of Darjeeling to maintain peace and calm in the region, before heading to the Netherlands. She said that her ministers were monitoring the situation, after three activists of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) were allegedly killed in police firing. Protestors carried out a rally with the coffins of those killed.
Ministry of Home Affairs website hacked	The website of the Ministry of Home Affairs was hacked on Sunday, prompting the National Informatics Centre to temporarily block it, an official said. Meanwhile, the computer emergency response teams are looking into the incident. In January, the website of National Security Guard (NSG) was hacked by suspected Pakistan-affiliated operatives and anti-India content was posted on it.
?40 cr in old notes seized from ex-B'luru corporator's house	Bengaluru Police on Friday recovered old demonetised notes worth ?40 crore from the residence of a former corporator, who has been identified as V Nagraj. The house of the accused was raided after the police received a tip-off about the cash. Nagraj, who also contested elections in 2004, was reportedly involved in a kidnapping case in the past.
Vehicles consume 1.5 times more fuel on crowded roads: Study	"An ongoing study has found that vehicles traveling on ""average"", crowded roads consumed nearly one-and-a-half times more fuel per kilometre compared to ?good?, fuel-efficient roads in Delhi and its suburbs. The motorists hence end up spending more, said a member associated with the study. The cumulative wastage of fuel would allegedly be an extra burden on India?s oil imports bill."
3 arrested for looting ATM cash van, ?9 lakh recovered	A week after unidentified bikers robbed an ATM cash van in East Delhi?s Pandav Nagar, the police have arrested three persons in connection with the case and recovered ?9 lakh from them. The crime took place in broad daylight when a cash van had come to replenish an SBI ATM. The police was initially told only ?5 lakh was robbed.
CBFC Chief Pahlaj responds to Jagga Jasoos's U/A certificate	"Responding to 'Jagga Jasoos' being given a U/A certificate, Censor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani said, ""Let the film release. The world will see why we think it is necessary for children to be accompanied by an adult."" The CBFC hasn't recommended any cuts in the film. Starring Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif, 'Jagga Jasoos' will release on July 14."
Jadeja has started to come out of Ashwin's shadow: Ganguly	"After Ravindra Jadeja became sole top-ranked Test bowler, former captain Sourav Ganguly said that Jadeja has started to come out of the shadow of Ravichandran Ashwin. ""Ashwin has 250 Test wickets... and is the fastest to the mark, but Jadeja in this series has taken the responsibility... He has gone ahead of Ashwin,"" added Ganguly."
Maharashtra farmers can fill loan waiver forms on mobile app	The Maharashtra government reportedly plans to launch a mobile app which can be used by farmers to fill loan waiver forms. The app will have a two-page form in which farmers will have to put their personal details including name, PAN card number, and Aadhaar number. Farmers benefiting from last month's loan waiver are expected to fill the forms.
Car rams into 3 men working on flyover, kills 2	A car reportedly rammed into 3 men working on a flyover on Mumbai's Western Express Highway on Friday afternoon, killing two and injuring one. The driver and a passenger survived the crash and fled from the scene. The driver was later arrested from his house and booked under IPC sections 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) and 279 (rash driving).
Pics of Rajinikanth, Amy from 2.0 sets leaked online: Report	According to reports, pictures of actors Rajinikanth and Amy Jackson from the sets of their upcoming film '2.0' have been leaked online. Amy can be seen sporting a robot-like costume and seems to be sitting inside a vehicle in the picture. The film, reportedly being produced on a budget of ?450 crore, also stars actor Akshay Kumar.
3 British Sikhs jailed for smuggling 69 Afghans into UK	Three British Sikhs have been jailed for a total of 19 years for helping 69 illegal Afghan immigrants enter into the UK by misusing passports in an estimated £620,000-scam. Once the immigrants got into the UK, the gang recycled the passports, passing them on to others trying to enter the UK illegally.
Remove Emergency, scam references from Maha textbooks: Opp'n	The Opposition has demanded that the Maharashtra government remove the names of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi from state board textbooks in reference to the Emergency and Bofors scam. The BJP-led state government was trying to drive its political agenda by influencing educational material, Congress' Sanjay Dutt alleged. The house had to be adjourned to let the chaos die down.
Dangal's Dhaakad video was a gift for Aamir: Chinese fan	"Wenjing Zhang, member of Aamir Khan's fan club in China has said that the 'Dhaakad' video made by them was a gift for the actor. ""We chose the song Dhaakad, because Aamir has sung it, and he's really cool in the movie, too,"" added Zhang. She further said that the Chinese were moved by the family ties depicted in Dangal."
Boeing, JetBlue back Indian-origin man's aircraft startup	"Hybrid electric aircraft startup Zunum Aero, founded by Indian-origin entrepreneur Ashish Kumar, has received investments from aerospace companies Boeing and JetBlue. The startup intends to make regional aircrafts with space for 10 to 50 passengers for flights up to 1,600 km. ""Our goal is to be part of a disruptive force rather than the one being disrupted,"" said JetBlue."
Tie old cows outside BJP men's homes, see if they care: Lalu	"RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Thursday asked his party workers to tie old, non-milking cows outside the houses of BJP leaders to see if they really cared for the animal. ""Even if the BJP leaders beat you with sticks, bear it and do not resist. We need to show if they are really concerned about cow service,"" Lalu added."
Delhi govt to install CCTV cameras at bus stops	To monitor drivers who don't stop buses at designated stops, the Delhi government has decided to install CCTV cameras at various bus stops. Transport officials said that skipping bus stops is a common practice among drivers of the government-run buses. It not only creates congestion on roads, but also poses difficulty for senior citizens and differently abled among others.
Phone screen coating to let people read in bright light made	Researchers at the University of Central Florida have developed an anti-glare film that could allow people to read from their smartphones and tablets even in bright sunlight. The coating is inspired by the nanostructures that cover moth eyes and prevent light from reflecting off them. The flexible, self-cleaning coating increases readability by up to 10 times in different lighting conditions.
Punjab female police officer marries her same-sex partner	Manjit Kaur, a Sub-Inspector in the Punjab Police, recently married her same-sex partner, according to reports. The marriage was reportedly solemnised according to Hindu rituals in Jalandhar and the cop wore a red turban and her bride wore a lehenga. The reports further added that the wedding took place in the presence of their families and colleagues.
Pics show Jhanvi Kapoor, Sara Ali Khan in Sabyasachi outfits	Fashion designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee has shared pictures of Sridevi's elder daughter Jhanvi Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan's daughter Sara Ali Khan wearing traditional outfits from his latest collection. While Jhanvi is seen in a hand painted lehenga, Sara is seen wearing brocade and crystal lehenga and a heavily embroidered lehenga in another picture.
Was forced to have sex with father-in-law: Talaq victim	"A triple talaq victim, who was divorced through WhatsApp by her husband residing in Dubai, has reportedly revealed that she was forced to be surrogate to her mother-in-law by maintaining relations with her second husband. ""Even my husband didn't refuse. When I refused, they tortured me and locked me in a room for as many as six days,"" she said."
DDA to submit action plan for restoring Yamuna floodplains	The National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Friday directed the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) to submit an action plan for the restoration of Yamuna floodplains. This comes after an expert committee appointed by the NGT claimed that the ecology of over 420 acres of floodplains was adversely affected by the World Culture Festival organised in 2016 by the Art of Living.
Amit Shah rules out resumption of Indo-Pak bilateral cricket	"BJP President Amit Shah ruled out the resumption of bilateral cricketing ties between India and Pakistan in the near future, saying that the two countries would continue to play against each other only in international tournaments. Shah, who is the head of the Gujarat Cricket Association, said, ""[N]either India plays in Pakistan nor Pakistan plays in India""."
1 killed, 7 injured as gurdwara's roof collapses in Panipat	"An under-construction gurudwara's roof collapsed in Haryana's Panipat area on Monday, leaving at least one dead and seven others injured. ""Many more are trapped under the debris and we are making efforts to pull them out. Rescue work is going on,"" Panipat's Deputy Superintendent of Police Atma Ram said."
Liver transplant saves life of boy with perpetual jaundice	Doctors at Apollo Hospital, Delhi cured a 13-year-old boy suffering from perpetual jaundice. In this rare condition, the liver does not produce an enzyme needed to break down a yellowish by-product of body's processes. The boy had to spend 12-15 hours per day under blue lights to help break it down, leaving liver transplant as the only option, doctors said.
6 Congress MPs suspended from Lok Sabha	"Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Monday suspended six Congress MPs for five days over their ""highly unbecoming"" conduct. The Congress MPs reportedly tore official papers and threw the shreds towards the chair four times during a parliamentary discussion on mob lynching and cow vigilantism. The House was adjourned and the MPs were declared suspended after the adjournment."
'Moonlight' wins Best Motion Picture Award at Golden Globes	'Moonlight' on Monday won the Best Motion Picture Award in the drama category at the 74th Golden Globe awards. While Casey Affleck won the Best Actor-drama for 'Manchester by the Sea', Isabelle Huppert won Best Actress in the same category for 'Elle'. Viola Davis won Best Supporting Actress for 'Fences' and Aaron Taylor-Johnson won Best Supporting Actor for 'Nocturnal Animals'.
Telugu actor booked for 'women only fit for sex' remark	"A case has been registered against Telugu actor Chalapathi Rao by the Hyderabad police following a woman's complaint over the actor's ""women are only fit for having sex with men"" remark. Chalapathi has been booked under sections 354A (4) and 509 of the Indian Penal Code, which deal with sexual harassment and insulting a woman's modesty."
Where was blood coming from: MLA asks rape victim's friends	"Rashtriya Lok Samta Party's MLA in Bihar, Lallan Paswan, on Monday posed some questions to an alleged rape victim's friends. He asked them, ""from where was the blood coming out?"" When the girls murmured ""from the bottom,"" he asked, ""what do you mean by bottom?"" ""If you don't reply properly, it's possible you may also get raped,"" he said."
Virat Kohli is the best dancer in Indian team: Ashwin	Spinner Ravichandran Ashwin has claimed that skipper Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina are the best singers and dancers in the Indian cricket team. Ashwin made the statement along the sidelines of the CEAT Cricket Rating International Awards 2017 while talking about liveliness in the dressing room. Kohli was last seen dancing at Yuvraj Singh's wedding along with girlfriend Anushka Sharma.
Uphaar tragedy: SC gives 1 yr sentence to Gopal Ansal	Almost 20 years after the Uphaar theatre fire, the Supreme Court on Thursday partially reviewed its previous judgement and awarded a one-year jail term to the theatre owner Gopal Ansal. He has been given four week's time to surrender. Considering the age, his elder brother Sushil Ansal's (75) sentence was reduced to 5 months, which he has already served.
Mira wants to have a second child soon: Shahid Kapoor	"Actor Shahid Kapoor has revealed that his wife Mira Rajput would prefer to have a second child soon. ""She wants to flip the norm, get the kids to a certain age and then be free to do what she likes,"" he added. Shahid further revealed their first child, Misha, was not planned but they were ready for it."
India's biggest prison does not have a hangman: Reports	India's biggest prison, Tihar jail, does not have a hangman on its payroll, according to reports. There is no official record of any executioner even though the post has existed in the prison manual ever since its construction in 1957, the report added. Notably, the jail currently has 19 prisoners on death row, which is the highest to date.
Odisha CM's aircraft pushed on runway by security personnel	The aircraft of Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik was on Saturday pushed by security personnel on the runway of a Rourkela airport after it encountered a technical glitch. The personnel pushed the aircraft till it was out of the runway. The runway had to be cleared immediately as Vice President Hamid Ansari?s flight was about to land.
Bengaluru's Bellandur Lake catches fire again	"The Bellandur Lake in Bengaluru caught fire again on Thursday, enveloping the area in smoke. ""Usually, a pile of garbage strewn around the lake is set on fire, but yesterday... the smoke started billowing and surrounding the lake in the evening,"" Karnataka Fire Department Deputy Director KU Ramesh said. Notably, there are toxic pollutants and foam in the lake."
UK radio station hacked to play song on masturbation	Hackers hijacked the airwaves of a UK radio station to play a song about masturbation at least eight times in the last month. 'The Winker's Song' was originally released in the 1970's and uses the word 'wanker' 36 times. The hackers have reportedly been using a transmitter to play the song on the same frequency as the station.
I read my own tweets for entertainment: Sehwag	"Former cricketer Virender Sehwag, who is known for his tweets, has said he reads his own posts for entertainment. ""Ranveer Singh said he reads my tweets at midnight and jumps laughing...Now I also watch my own batting videos on YouTube and enjoy. I read my tweets and enjoy...I have entertained people so much, I also have a right,"" said Sehwag."
Demonetisation biggest step in 70 years: Jaitley	"Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that demonetisation is the biggest step taken against black money and wrongful economic practices in the country in the last 70 years. Speaking at the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry's (FICCI's) 89th Annual General Meeting, Jaitley added, ""The process of remonetisation is not going to take a lot of time."""
Gujarat Assembly speaker slams Cong MLAs over B'luru retreat	"Gujarat Assembly speaker Ramanlal Vohra on Sunday slammed Congress legislators who have been staying at a Bengaluru resort amid the ongoing Gujarat floods. ""I don't know what MLAs are doing there in Karnataka. In such situations we should pay more attention to improve situation and not to play politics,"" he said. Over 120 people have been killed in Gujarat floods."
Taapsee, Rishi to be seen together in upcoming film 'Mulk'	Actors Taapsee Pannu and Rishi Kapoor will be seen together in an upcoming film titled 'Mulk'. Taapsee will reportedly play the role of Rishi's daughter-in-law in the film which will be directed by Anubhav Sinha. The film will be shot in the upcoming months in Varanasi and Lucknow.
Stop using remixed song: Despacito singers to Venezuela Prez	Singers of the hit song Despacito have slammed Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro after his government used a remixed version of the song to encourage Venezuelans to vote for setting up a body to rewrite the Constitution. The singers said they were neither asked nor did they authorise the use or the change in lyrics of the song for political ambitions.
Food regulator planning leftover banks to feed hungry people	India's food regulator Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) is planning to create a network to collect leftover food and provide it to the needy. It is looking to connect with organisations which can collect, store and distribute leftover food from weddings and large parties. It further added that all food must meet the safety and hygiene standards.
No separate VVIP lanes at toll plazas: UP govt	"The UP government has revoked its decision to provide separate VVIP lanes at toll plazas for MPs and MLAs stuck in traffic jams. Additional Chief Secretary Sadakant issued letters to all magistrates ""modifying"" an advisory dated July 13 that ensured separate VVIP lanes, which he said, ""raised a number of questions"". All existing facilities will benefit all citizens, he added."
Christopher Nolan reveals he watched La La Land thrice	"Filmmaker Christopher Nolan has revealed that he watched the Oscar-winning film 'La La Land' thrice. He added, ""I think I almost went back to see if it was as good as I had thought, and it was."" Notably, the Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling starrer 'La La Land' won six Oscar Awards and received a record fourteen Oscar nominations."
OPS offers ?10K for getting TN CM to respond on Jaya's death	"AIADMK faction leader O Panneerselvam on Sunday offered ?10,000 to anyone asking and getting a reply from Tamil Nadu Chief Minister K Palaniswami on ordering a judicial probe into the death of late CM J Jayalalithaa. He further added that his party's ""dharma yudh"" would continue till the ""mysterious knots"" in Jayalalithaa's death were not removed."
Privacy doesn't have status of fundamental right: Govt to SC	"Attorney General KK Venugopal on behalf of the Centre said in the Supreme Court, ""Privacy is part of Right to Life, but does not enjoy the status of a fundamental right."" He added, ""Since right to privacy consists of diverse aspects and it is a sub-specie of liberty, every aspect of the sub-species will not qualify as a fundamental right."""
Censors have issue with female viewpoint: Lipstick director	"'Lipstick Under My Burkha' director Alankrita Shrivastava has said the censors have a problem with female point of view, while adding, ""They're...not comfortable with something that questions...the status quo."" She also said that the male perspective which dominates popular culture, has led to discrimination against women and ""makes stalking seem like love, makes harassment...abuse of women okay""."
Trump donates second quarter salary to education department	US President Donald Trump has donated his second quarter salary of $100,000 (?64 lakh) to the country's education department to help American students get access to high-quality education. The donation will be used for hosting science, technology, engineering, and mathematics camps for students. Trump had donated his first quarter salary for the restoration of projects at a national battlefield.
Wonder Woman loses job as UN ambassador	"DC Comics character Wonder Woman will be removed from her position as an honorary UN ambassador for women empowerment on Friday, following protests over her appointment two months ago. UN staff members protested over her ""overtly sexualized image"" and slammed the UN's inability to ""find a real-life woman"" who would champion the rights of women on issues of gender equality."
Chetan Bhagat's Five Point Someone to be part of DU syllabus	Chetan Bhagat's novel 'Five Point Someone' has been included in the new syllabus for the academic session starting July in Delhi University. The 'Popular Fiction' paper will be offered to second-year undergraduate students as an elective. JK Rowling's 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' and Louisa May Alcott's 'Little Women' will also be included in the syllabus.
Comedy show Hum Paanch to have a third season: Reports	"As per reports, the comedy show Hum Paanch will return to the small screen with a third season. ""We will retain all the intrinsic elements and the format, but will give it a modern spin,"" a source was quoted as saying. The show revolved around five sisters and their parents, and starred Ashok Saraf, Rakhee Tandon in pivotal roles."
5 prisoners escape from Buxar Central Jail in Bihar	As many as five prisoners escaped from Bihar's Buxar Central Jail late on Friday night. The inmates managed to escape from the jail's medical ward, where they were undergoing treatment. They reportedly broke the window of the medical ward's toilet to escape. While one of the prisoners was serving death sentence, the other four were facing life imprisonment.
I'm ashamed: Mamata on BJP leader's 'hijra' remark	"West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Thursday reacted to BJP leader Shyamapada Mondal's 'hijra' (eunuch) remark, stating she feels ashamed of such remarks. ""How dare they question my birth, my identity, my parents? Who are they? Even we worship Lord Ram, that Ram who worshipped Maa Durga,"" she said. Mondal had earlier said that TMC chief is a 'hijra'."
Man 'lynched' by Raj officials died of heart attack: Police	"Citing post-mortem reports, the police claimed that the man allegedly lynched to death by Rajasthan government officials for stopping them from clicking women defecating in open died of heart attack. ""There is no such injury mark on the victim's body which proves that he was murdered. The allegation against the accused is yet to be proved,"" the police added."
Accidental damage to Yamuna already restored by nature: AOL	Any 'accidental damage' caused to the Yamuna floodplains' ecology by the Art of Living's cultural event in 2016 has been restored by nature, a scientific report by the organisation has claimed. This is in contradiction to the NGT's report, which claimed that it would take at least 10 years and ?42 crore to fix the damage caused by the event.
Arrest warrant issued against Kejriwal in a defamation case	"An Assam court has issued an arrest warrant against Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal after he failed to appear before it in connection with a defamation case concerning his tweet on Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The case is related to Kejriwal's tweet that said, ""Modi has studied up to class 12. His degrees after that are fake."""
World number 1 Andy Murray knocked out of Wimbledon	World number one and defending champion Andy Murray was knocked out of Wimbledon after USA's Sam Querrey defeated him in the quarter-finals on Wednesday. Querrey, who registered a 3-6, 6-4, 6-7, 6-1, 6-1 win, reached a Grand Slam semi-final after a record 42nd attempt. Notably, Querrey has defeated a world number one at Wimbledon second year in a row.
Event organisers to pay royalty to use copyrighted songs	According to a Delhi High Court ruling, event organisers will now have to pay royalty for using copyrighted songs. They will have to inform three copyright societies including Indian Performing Right Society and Phonographic Performance Ltd about the copyrighted work to be used and one of these shall issue an invoice for royalty of the copyright.
Ensure children not hurt during Muharram: Bombay HC	"The Bombay High Court on Monday directed the police to ensure that no minors are ""harmed, injured, or permitted to carry or use weapons or sharp objects,"" during this year's Muharram procession. Shia Muslims participating in Muharram processions hit themselves with sharp objects to mourn the death of Imam Hussain, the grandson of Prophet Muhammad."
SC orders Punjab to construct Sutlej-Yamuna Link Canal	"The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered Punjab to complete its share of construction on the disputed Sutlej-Yamuna Link Canal. ""How much water should be shared can be decided later,"" the court added and fixed the next hearing for September 7. Notably, Haryana completed its portion of constructing the canal, which will carry its share of Ravi-Beas water through Punjab."
Airbnb buying startup founded by Indian-origin entrepreneurs	Homestay startup Airbnb is buying California-based background-check startup Trooly that was founded by three Indian-origin entrepreneurs in 2014. Trooly, co-founded by Savi Baveja, Anish Das Sarma and Nilesh Dalvi, helps predict the trustworthiness of individuals and businesses. Airbnb will use Trooly's technology to protect its users and hosts from fraudulent people and scams.
Buggy used by Presidents was won over a coin toss with Pak	The buggy which Indian Presidents ride for the oath-taking ceremony originally belonged to the Viceroy of India during the British era. After the partition of India and Pakistan, both sides tossed a coin to decide who would get the buggy, and India won the toss. However, its use declined after 1984, and was started again by former President Pranab Mukherjee.
Sachin recollects how Lillee made him give up fast bowling	Sachin Tendulkar, while wishing former Australian pacer Dennis Lillee on his 68th birthday, revealed that it was Lillee who advised him to forget about becoming a fast bowler. Sachin said that when he visited the MRF Pace Foundation in Chennai in 1987 to hone his fast bowling skills, Lillee noticed his batting skills and asked him to stick to batting.
1200 laws repealed in last 3 yrs, 1301 in 65 yrs before that	The Narendra Modi-led NDA government has repealed 1,200 obsolete laws in its three years in power, compared to 1,301 laws being removed in the 65 years prior to that. The laws include one which states that an inspector in Andhra Pradesh must have well-brushed teeth. Another 200-year-old repealed law allowed the British monarch to review decisions of all Indian courts.
Panneerselvam acting at DMK's behest: Sasikala	Asserting that there was no rift within the party, AIADMK General Secretary Sasikala Natarajan on Tuesday accused Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam of acting at the behest of DMK. Calling AIADMK a united single family, Sasikala removed Panneerselvam from the post of the party's Treasurer. This came after he claimed that he was forced to step down as the CM.
Man held for extracting money by posing as ticket examiner	"A man named Pravesh Rawat has been arrested after he was found extracting money from passengers on a train posing as a Travel Ticket Examiner (TTE). He was issuing ""receipts"" to passengers travelling without ticket and collecting ""fine"" from them on board the train from Dehradun to Delhi. He was arrested after suspicious travellers alerted the Government Railway Police."
PIL seeks scrapping of ?3,600 crore Shivaji statue	A Public Interest Litigation in  Bombay High Court seeks the scrapping of Maharashtra government's ?3,600 crore Shivaji statue project in the Arabian Sea. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had laid the foundation of 192-meter high statue last month. The PIL has been filed by Mohan Bhide, a chartered accountant and a professor by profession who runs Bhide Kapasi classes in Mumbai.
Blue whale replaces dinosaur at London museum after 112 yrs	An 82-foot-long blue whale skeleton has replaced a dinosaur skeleton at London's Natural History Museum, 112 years after the latter was unveiled there. The dinosaur replica, named 'Dippy', was cast from original fossil bones discovered in 1898. The replacement aims to raise awareness for blue whales which have gone down from 2.5 lakh in the 1800s to 20,000, officials said.
We will go through manufacturing hell: Tesla CEO Elon Musk	"Tesla Co-founder and CEO Elon Musk described the task of meeting his set goals for the production of Model 3 cars as a ""manufacturing hell."" The reservations for the car exceed 5 lakh according to Tesla Chief Executive Officer. This comes after the launch of Tesla's Model 3 on Friday, which has a range of 354 km on one charge."
Delhi has almost one crore vehicles: Delhi govt	According to recently released data by Delhi government, India's capital city has almost one crore vehicles among a population of about two crore. As per the data, the number of registered vehicles in the city increased from 88 lakh in 2014-15 to 97 lakh in 2015-16, a spike of almost 10% and the highest in eight years.
Hitachi admits 32 lakh debit cards were compromised in 2016	Hitachi Payment Services on Thursday confirmed its systems were hit by malware in 2016, that let hackers steal information from 32 lakh debit cards in India. A loss of ?1.3 crore was suffered by over 600 customers in one of India's biggest cyber security breaches. The compromise period has been identified between May 21 and July 11, 2016.
Katrina denies getting Deepika dropped from SRK's film	"Actress Katrina Kaif has denied rumours that she got Deepika Padukone dropped from filmmaker Aanand L Rai's upcoming film that stars Shah Rukh Khan. ""I don't think any actor in today's day and age is going around putting stipulations on their director,"" said Katrina. She further refused to confirm whether she was starring in the film."
Students, teachers protest over delay in MU results	Students and university teachers on Monday protested in Mumbai over delays in declaration of results by University of Mumbai (MU). The university failed to declare results within 45 days of examination, as required by law, due to MU's new on-screen marking process that led to the delay. Protestors claimed this may hinder job and higher education opportunities for the students.
HC stays criminal proceedings against SRK in stampede case	Gujarat High Court has put an interim stay on criminal proceedings against Shah Rukh Khan for his alleged involvement in triggering a stampede at the Vadodara railway station during promotions for Raees. During the stampede, a man had died of heart attack. The High Court has fixed September 25 as the next date to hear the actor's plea.
E-rickshaws to get charging points in parking lots of Delhi	"North Delhi Municipal Corporation has reportedly decided to develop e-rickshaw charging points at select parking lots. Drivers would be able to charge their e-rickshaws at ""minimal"" prices at night, reports said. Authorities reportedly plan to develop the charging points away from main roads to avoid jam, and expect to develop the facility at six locations by the end of August."
When was the last major India-China stand-off?	The last India-China stand-off had taken place in 1967, when over 80 Indian and 300-400 Chinese soldiers were martyred. It had started after the Chinese objected to India putting a wire along the perceived border agreed upon by both sides. A stand-off at the Cho La pass forced the Chinese to withdraw nearly three kilometres away.
Firefighter revives dog rescued from fire by performing CPR	"A firefighter from US revived a dog rescued from a burning building by performing CPR on it. The dog was reportedly no longer breathing and did not have a pulse. It was also given oxygen through an oxygen mask designed for animals. ""It was a win for the whole team... that we got him back,"" said the fireman."
Our bond is too personal: Anil on Sonam's rumoured boyfriend	"Anil Kapoor, talking about his daughter Sonam's rumoured boyfriend Anand Ahuja, said that the bond he shares with him is too personal to discuss with the media. ""It is not my place to speak about Anand... and I have not known her [Sonam] to speak about her personal life,"" added Anil. Anand is the CEO of 'bhane.', a fashion brand."
ISIS failed in India despite large Muslim population: Singh	Stating that India has been successful in facing off the challenges posed by the Islamic State, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the terrorist group failed in the country despite a large Muslim population. Singh also spoke about the situation in Kashmir and the challenge of Naxalism and added that the security situation in India has largely been under control.
11-yr-old tribal boy caught stealing ?30, hangs self in Maha	An 11-year-old tribal boy allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday by hanging himself near his school, after he was caught stealing ?30 from his classmate in Maharashtra's Mokhada. The boy was reportedly ashamed of his act and had tried to force a classmate to commit suicide with him, but he refused. Police said the boy has a history of criminal activities.
SRK talks about rumours of AbRam being Aryan's love child	"Actor Shah Rukh Khan, in his first TED Talk, revealed there were reports that his youngest child AbRam was the love child of his eldest son Aryan, who was 15-years-old then. ""Apparently, he had sown his wild oats with a girl while driving her car in Romania,"" added Shah Rukh. SRK further said that these reports disturbed his family."
Explained: Procedure of counting votes in Presidential polls	The counting of votes in the Presidential election takes place under the supervision of the Returning Officer. The invalid votes, ones which are not cast in the prescribed format, are removed first. The ballot box of the Parliament House is opened first, while those of the states follow next, in an alphabetical order. There are total eight rounds of counting.
Hostel in Pakistan prohibits girls from sharing beds	"The International Islamic University in Islamabad, Pakistan has issued a notice prohibiting girls in the hostel from sharing beds. It instructs students to keep a distance of at least 2 feet between their beds and warns them of a fine in case they're ""found sharing bed with...friends or sisters"". The order also bans girls from sitting on the same bed."
Inquiry ordered after JNU student alleges harassment by CISF	"After a JNU student's Facebook post alleging he was beaten up at a Delhi metro station by CISF personnel went viral, the organisation has ordered an enquiry into the matter. The student also mentioned the personnel made remarks like he would be ""sent to Pakistan"". The personnel got enraged when he 'defied' their instructions to take off earphones, he said."
Telangana govt to launch bike ambulances	The Telangana government will soon launch bike ambulances to help patients in remote areas, state Health Minister C Laxma Reddy said on Tuesday. They would be used in remote tribal areas and also congested localities in cities like Hyderabad, he added. The government will increase the number of vehicles transporting bodies of the poor to their native places, Reddy said.
Israeli PM orders ministers to attend Trump's welcome event	"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday ordered his cabinet to attend a welcome ceremony for US President Donald Trump, after discovering that many of them planned to skip the event, reports said. Notably, Israeli officials have criticised the visit as ""haphazard"". Trump arrived in Israel on Monday in the second leg of his first overseas trip as President."
First UK-China freight train departs on Monday	The first rail freight service from UK to China will depart on its 7,500-mile journey on Monday. The train stocked with British goods will pass through seven countries including Germany and Russia over a span of 17 days. The service is a part of China's One Belt, One Road programme of reviving the Silk Road trading routes with the West.
PMO refuses to answer RTI on Modi, Manmohan's foreign trips	"The Prime Minister's Office has denied information on various expenses incurred on foreign trips by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his predecessor Manmohan Singh. A PMO official said that the RTI was denied on grounds of being ""too vague and wide"". Reportedly, the RTI petitioner had sought copies of all files and letters exchanged between the PMO and different offices."
Gorkhaland protesters announce fast unto death from July 15	The Gorkhaland Movement Coordination Committee, an alliance of political parties and organisations protesting for a separate state for the Nepali-speaking population, on Tuesday said it will launch a fast-unto-death from July 15. While the BJP has denied supporting the demand for a separate state, it will take part in the hunger strike to protest against West Bengal's oppression of Gorkhas.
Miandad blames foreign coaches for Pak cricket's decline	Former Pakistani captain Javed Miandad has claimed that Pakistan cricket's decline has been due to the foreign coaches who have been employed by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB). Miandad, who coached Pakistan thrice in 1999, 2000 and 2003/04, had given the PCB a comprehensive restructuring plan to solve Pakistan cricket's problems during his time as PCB's cricket director.
Tea stall where PM sold tea to be developed as tourist spot	A tea stall in Gujarat's Vadnagar railway station where PM Narendra Modi used to sell tea during his childhood is set to become a tourist spot. Union Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma visited the place on Sunday and said the tea stall will be developed as a part of a ?100-crore project to develop Vadnagar and surrounding areas as tourist destinations.
Indian government portal was hit by WannaCry ransomware	"The MCA21 portal of Ministry of Corporate Affairs, which is used by companies for making filings, was hit by the WannaCry ransomware attack last month, according to an official document. The attack was ""presumably"" one of the first such attacks on a Government of India portal. As per the document, the system servers were formatted and the systems were redeployed."
Female teacher suspended for getting a massage from student	A female teacher in Odisha was suspended on Tuesday for allegedly getting a massage by a schoolgirl on school premises. The teacher, Bharati Meher, said the incident took place around two years ago when she told a class eight student she had a headache and the latter offered to massage her head. A video of the incident went viral online.
Plane makes emergency landing after mid-air brawl	A Middle East Airlines flight from Beirut to London was forced to make an emergency landing in Istanbul after a fistfight broke out on the plane. The fight took place after an air hostess was assaulted. The man who had punched the air hostess following an argument with his wife was   taken away by four security guards after the landing.
First time women voters to be given pink teddy bears in Goa	The first time women voters in Goa will be given pink teddy bears in the upcoming Assembly polls, aiming to boost their participation in the democratic exercise. Further, there will be at least 40 pink polling booths in Goa with pink-coloured decoration and only women election workers and officers. Notably, Goa has more women voters than their men counterparts.
PM wishes President Pranab Mukherjee on his 81st birthday	"PM Modi on Sunday wished President Pranab Mukherjee on his 81st birthday and said that the country is ""proud to have such a well-read and knowledgeable president"" who puts India's interests above everything. Adding that Mukherjee's tremendous experience and wisdom has benefitted the nation greatly, Modi tweeted ""I pray for his long and healthy life."""
Delhi lawyer held for black money conversion of over ?60 cr	Delhi lawyer Rohit Tandon has been arrested by the Enforcement Directorate over illegal conversion of old notes worth more than ?60 crore. In a raid conducted at Tandon's office earlier this month, ?13.5 crore cash was seized, among which ?2.6 crore was in new banknotes. A Kotak Mahindra Bank's branch manager has also been arrested for exchanging notes for Tandon.
Karlovic, Zeballos play longest ever Aus Open match	Croatia's Ivo Karlovic and Argentina's Horacio Zeballos' first round match on Tuesday became the longest-ever Australian Open match in terms of the number of games played. The match, which ended with Karlovic winning 6-7, 3-6, 7-5, 6-2, 22-20 in 5 hours and 15 minutes, featured 84 games. The fifth set featured 42 games, taking 2 hours, 37 minutes to finish.
Mukerjea accused of using children as shields in jail riot	Indrani Mukerjea and a few other jail inmates have been accused of using children living with their mothers in Mumbai's Byculla jail as human shields during a recent protest against jail authorities. The Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR) has initiated a probe and will reportedly submit its findings to the Maharashtra government within 15 days.
Training 10 hours a day for Vijender: China's Zulpikar	Indian boxer Vijender Singh's next opponent China's Zulpikar Maimaitiali has said that he is training for over 10 hours a day for the upcoming fight against the Indian. Maimaitiali, the WBO Oriental super middleweight champion, is aiming to hand Vijender the first defeat of his professional boxing career. The fight is scheduled to be held in Mumbai on August 5.
Privileged to walk on same path as Kalam, Pranab da: Kovind	"President Ram Nath Kovind gave his acceptance speech in the Parliament after being sworn-in as the 14th President. ""I feel privileged to walk on the same path as Dr Radhakrishnan, Dr Abdul Kalam, and Pranab da,"" he said. He also thanked those present for ""trusting [him] with the responsibility to be the President of India""."
Song penned by Dutt in jail to be used in his film: Reports	"According to reports, a song penned by actor Sanjay Dutt while he was in prison will be used in his upcoming film 'Torbaaz'. ""[The song] is about a father-daughter relationship. It's...relevant to our film as Sanju's character loses his child,"" the film's producer was quoted as saying. Dutt will be playing an army officer in the Girish Malik-directorial 'Torbaaz'."
Delhi Police to install HD video cameras in PCR vans	The Delhi Police has decided to procure high-definition video cameras and install them in 1,000 PCR vans. ?The objective of the initiative is to get first-hand evidence of any crime and use it to make the case stronger against the accused,? said a senior police officer. This video can be later used as an evidence in the court, reports said.
Flyers make toddlers drag luggage to avoid bag fee: Airline	"Passengers are making their toddlers drag suitcases onboard to avoid paying the fee for checked-in baggage, Ryanair Chief Financial Officer Neil Sorahan said. Irish airline Ryanair charges extra for checked-in baggage, and travellers reportedly avoid this fee by carrying extra cabin luggage. Sorahan said, ""I've seen two-year-olds wheeling a bag up to the plane as people try to take advantage."""
10,000 engineering colleges to get online complaint system	"The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has directed all the engineering colleges affiliated to it to urgently put in place an online mechanism for redressal of grievances. ""An online monthly status report regarding the number of grievances received, disposed off and pending should be informed to AICTE,"" the directive has stated."
Anna Hazare to launch public protest if RTI Act amended	"Activist Anna Hazare has urged PM Narendra Modi not to amend the RTI Act, threatening to launch a public protest if it is amended. ""Bringing changes in the RTI Act, which people have got after years of agitations, is like damaging their fundamental right,"" he said. Hazare also opposed the proposed limit of 500 words for an RTI application."
H'wood actress Bella denies being the girl in viral sex tape	"Hollywood actress Bella Thorne has clarified that she isn't the woman in a viral sex tape, which reportedly featured her masturbating, while tweeting, ""You guys think this is real?"" The video shows the girl saying, ""I really need a father."" Bella called it the video's worst part as it made fun of the fact that she lost her father."
Muslims protest plan to make marriage registration mandatory	"Muslims have started protesting against the Uttar Pradesh government's plan to make marriage registration mandatory and termed it as 'un-Islamic'. ""Muslim marriages are only registered at the office of the Waqf board of UP as per the Nikahnama documents,"" Muslim leader Haji Jameeluddin said. ""There is no need to register marriages again merely to satisfy a government's whim,"" he added."
Sunbathers killed as plane hits them while landing on beach	Two sunbathers, a 56-year-old man and an eight-year-old girl, were killed on Wednesday when a light plane struck them while making an emergency landing at a beach in Portugal. The others had run into the sea to save themselves. The two occupants of the plane, which appeared to be in difficulty and had a partly broken left wing, were unhurt.
Delhi traffic cops dupe truck drivers in name of GST	Five Delhi traffic policemen have been suspended for allegedly duping truck drivers at Delhi?s border points in the name of the recently implemented Goods and Services Tax (GST). The policemen were reportedly extorting money by asking the truck drivers to prove whether GST has been paid on the goods they were carrying, something they were not authorised to do.
What is Chinaman bowling in cricket?	Chinaman, in layman's term, is considered to be a leg-spin delivery by a left-arm bowler. While an orthodox leg-spin delivery turns away from a right-handed batsman, a chinaman delivery brings the ball back to the right-handed batsman. Also known as left-arm unorthodox spin, a chinaman delivery usually turns sharply owing to the spin imparted by the wrist.
Kartam Bhuktam on Independence Day, tweets Kaabil's director	"Kaabil's director Sanjay Gupta, in a veiled reference to Shah Rukh Khan's next film and Akshay Kumar's 'Toilet: Ek Prem Katha' sharing the same release date, tweeted, ""Kartam Bhuktam (you'll pay for your actions) on Independence Day."" In the now deleted tweet, Sanjay wrote, ""I believe in (Karma)... I love how you go after all that f*** with you."""
Retd Colonel flies from Canada for wedding of sahayak's son	"Amid recent allegations against officers and their families entrusting menial duties to sahayaks, a retired Army officer recently flew from Canada to attend the wedding of his former sahayak's son. ""He is family...I had to attend his son's wedding,"" Retired Colonel GS Ghuman said. Havildar Balagowda Raigowda Patil had worked as the Colonel's buddy for two decades."
World no. 4 Djokovic to miss US Open, rest of 2017 season	Serbian tennis player Novak Djokovic has announced he will miss the remaining 2017 season, including the US Open, following an elbow injury. The world number four had retired from his Wimbledon quarter-final, admitting he had been feeling pain in his elbow for 18 months. His absence from the US Open ends a run of 51 consecutive appearances at Grand Slams.
Prez Elections: Voters can't carry pens in voting chambers	The Election Commission (EC) barred voters from carrying their personal pens inside the voting chambers while casting their vote in the Presidential Election on Monday. All voters were given special serial-numbered pens with violet ink before entering the polling station, and their personal pens were collected. MPs had green-coloured ballot papers and MLAs pink-coloured ones.
13 people die in a day while travelling in Mumbai locals	As many as 13 people died while travelling in Mumbai's local trains on Sunday, according to railway data. Almost 1,600 people have been killed while travelling in trains in the past six months, it added. Of the 1,600, 700 lost their lives by falling off the train,147 were killed while crossing railway tracks, and 20 people died of electric shock.
Resolving regulatory probe of NSE top priority: CEO Limaye	The new CEO of National Stock Exchange (NSE) Vikram Limaye has said his immediate priority is to resolve a probe from market regulator SEBI about whether NSE employees provided unfair access to co-location servers to select brokers. Co-location servers are placed at exchanges to speed up algorithmic trading. Notably, the probe has delayed the initial public offering of the NSE.
85,000 registered Delhi traders yet to shift to GST regime	About 85,000 registered traders are still to migrate to the GST regime, according to Delhi trade and tax department officials. Reportedly, some traders have not been able to migrate due to 'mismatch' in their Permanent Account Number (PAN). Around 3.3 lakh traders have migrated to GST till last week, the officials added.
CBSE asked to continue with its policy of giving grace marks	The Delhi High Court has directed the CBSE to continue with its moderation policy of giving students grace marks for difficult questions. The court ruled this following a petition which challenged that the change in policy will affect students' admissions abroad. The court asked CBSE to continue the policy as it was in place when the examination forms were submitted.
Telugu TV actor Pradeep Kumar commits suicide	"Pradeep Kumar, who starred in Telugu show 'Saptha Matrika', allegedly committed suicide at his house in Hyderabad, police said on Wednesday. His wife and friend reportedly saw him hanging from a ceiling fan on Tuesday night. ""Though the exact reasons behind Pradeep's extreme step are still not known, the couple had a minor quarrel last night,"" the inspector said."
Clicked selfie with her, never massaged or chatted: TVF CEO	"TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar, an accused in sexual harassment case, has reportedly said in his statement to the police that he only clicked a selfie with the alleged victim. ""I neither massaged her nor communicated with her through any electronic medium,"" Arunabh claimed. ""I have never stripped in front of her nor did I pose any wrong gestures,"" he added."
I like rewards more than awards: Salman Khan	"Actor Salman Khan has said that he loves rewards more than awards. He added that he does not go to award functions to receive awards but to perform. ""Even after such bad performances, they (organisers) are paying me for it. I am more than happy doing it. It's like I am getting money for standing there,"" he jokingly said."
Sadhus can give Guru's name instead of parents' for passport	Revising passport application rules, the Ministry of External Affairs on Friday allowed sadhus and sanyasis (saints and hermits) to apply for a passport by giving their spiritual Guru's name instead of names of their parents. However, they need to provide at least one public document, wherein the name of the Guru has been recorded as their parents' name.
It's rude: Priyanka on fans slamming Rahman for Tamil songs	"Reacting to music composer AR Rahman being slammed by fans for singing Tamil songs during his Wembley concert on July 8, actress Priyanka Chopra said, ""It's rude."" While some fans slammed Rahman, others also defended him on Twitter. nReports suggest that Rahman performed 12 Tamil songs and 16 songs in Hindi during the concert."
Shreya Ghoshal to get wax figure at Madame Tussauds Delhi	"Singer Shreya Ghoshal is set to get a wax figure at the Madame Tussauds in New Delhi. Ghoshal said, ""it is an honour to be featured among such talented stars, artists, historians and renowned celebrities."" The wax museum, which will open later this year, will also feature wax figures of Bollywood actors Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan."
Noida scam firm planned Australia tour for 150 distributors	An accused in the ?3,700 crore Noida trading scam has told the police that the company had planned an Australia tour for 150 distributors, which included sky-diving, reports said. The company's director said it was a promotional tour to motivate the distributors. Notably, the scam duped seven lakh people on the pretext of earning money by liking Facebook pages.
China to have world's fastest elevator running at 1200m/min	The world's fastest elevator that can operate at a record speed of 1,260 meters per minute is set to be installed in a skyscraper complex in China. The elevator has various safety features including brake equipment that uses materials with high heat resistance. Apart from this, the elevator can absorb vibration during the high-speed operation to make the ride comfortable.
Virat Kohli will come back bigger and stronger: Starc	"Australian pacer Mitchell Starc has said that Australia is wary of a comeback from Indian captain Virat Kohli. ""We know he'll come back bigger and stronger, but he's one I'll take over Pujara at the moment"", Starc said about the Indian duo he dismissed in the Pune Test. ""One Test is not going to win us the series"", Starc added."
In pics: Pranab Mukherjee's journey from MoS to ex-President	A picture gallery shows former President Pranab Mukherjee's journey from being the Minister of State for Revenue and Banking to completing his term as India's President. The gallery also includes a picture of him with former PM Indira Gandhi, during whose tenure he served as the Finance Minister. The last image shows him gesturing after his farewell speech as President.
Digvijaya slams IT Minister for leaking Dhoni Aadhaar info	"Reacting to cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni's Aadhaar details being shared online, Congress General Secretary Digvijaya Singh slammed Information and Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Twitter. ""He should apologise immediately and another Aadhaar Card should be made for Dhoni. His wife Sakshi is fully justified to be angry and upset,"" the Congress leader added."
Both Romeo and Juliet are welcome in Delhi: AAP Minister	"In an apparent jibe at UP's anti-Romeo squads, Delhi's Tourism Minister Kapil Mishra has said both Romeo and Juliet are welcome in Delhi as there would be no Mogambo (a Hindi movie villain) to object. He further stated the AAP government is working on improving Delhi's nightlife. ""The nightlife ensures the law and order of a place,"" he added."
Original manuscript of Constitution had Hindu gods pics: Min	"BJP leader and Union Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Thursday said that original manuscript of the Indian Constitution had images of Hindu gods and ideals like Ram, Krishna, Arjun, Nataraja, Vivekananda and Guru Gobind Singh. ""If the constitution was framed today and the constituent assembly resolves that we will have such pictures what will happen?"" he asked."
Centre tells SC it can?t extradite Mallya before Jan 2018	The Centre on Friday told the Supreme Court it won't be able to secure the extradition of liquor baron Vijay Mallya, who owes over ?9,000 crore to banks, before January 2018. The Centre's response came after SC said it cannot sentence Mallya in a contempt of court case in his absence. Notably, Mallya had fled to UK in March 2016.
1 in 100 sexual assaults in K'taka end in conviction: Report	According to National Crime Records Bureau data, one in 100 sexual assault cases in Karnataka ended in conviction in 2015 as against the national average of 10% conviction. While the number of sexual assault cases reported in India rose by 92% from 42,968 in 2011 to 82,422 in 2015, conviction rate declined from 16% in 2011 to 10% in 2015.
After 9 months, Delhi had 'good' air day yesterday	After nine months of pollution, Delhi's air quality showed improvement for the first time on Thursday with the overall Air Quality Index (AQI) reading 77. When the AQI is below 100, air quality is considered 'good' with air pollution posing little or no risk. The decrease in pollution levels could be due to the monsoons.
Gujarat vendor inspired by Jio introduces unlimited panipuri	A street food vendor in Porbandar, Gujarat has introduced unlimited panipuri for customers, inspired by Reliance Jio's unlimited plans. People can have unlimited panipuri for a day by opting for the ?100 plan, and for a month by opting for the ?1,000 plan. The vendor, Ravi Jagdamba, has also redesigned his stall in a 'Jio theme' to attract customers.
We don't produce champion cricketers anymore: Jayasuriya	"Commenting on Sri Lankan cricket team's recent away performances, former captain Sanath Jayasuriya said that SL do not produce champion cricketers as much as they did in the past. ""We should be able to play under any conditions, not just at home,"" he added. Notably, SL were whitewashed 0-3 by South Africa in the recently concluded Test series."
IAF to induct first indigenously developed 'eye in the sky'	Indian Air Force will induct the country's first indigenous all-weather airborne early warning and control (AEW&C) system, also called the 'eye in the sky', on February 14, the first day of Aero India 2017. The system will have the capability to detect incoming fighters, cruise missiles and even drones from both Pakistan and China, according to reports.
Spineless EC has surrendered to PM Modi: Arvind Kejriwal	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday alleged that the Election Commission has ""completely surrendered"" before PM Narendra Modi. He further termed the poll panel as ""completely shameless and spineless"". Kejriwal further tweeted, ""As per EC notification, polling time in Goa is 7 am to 5 pm but in Punjab, it's from 8 am to 5 pm (one hour less). Why?"""
Rihanna receives Humanitarian award from Harvard University	"Singer Rihanna has been honoured with the 2017 Harvard Humanitarian of the Year award. She received the award for her work in her native island of Barbados and the charities she has founded over the years. ""All you need to do is help one person, expecting nothing in return. To me, that is humanitarian,"" she said during her speech."
Allahabad HC stays inclusion of 17 sub-castes in SC category	The Allahabad High Court has stayed the Uttar Pradesh government's order to include 17 sub-castes in the Scheduled Caste category. In December, the UP government had issued an order naming the sub-castes, earlier classified in the Other Backward Classes category, into the SC list. Recently, the HC directed the State to file its reply on a petition challenging the decision.
NASA may send robotic spacecraft to Sun next year	NASA is planning to send its first robotic spacecraft to the Sun, 15 crore kms from Earth, to probe its atmosphere from a distance of 60 lakh kms. The mission is aimed at understanding why the Sun's atmosphere reaches 20,00,000ºC, whereas, its surface temperature is just 5,500ºC, and also to ascertain the emission of harmful high-energy particles, scientists said.
Drugs worth ?300 cr seized in Kashmir	J&K police on Friday seized 66.5 kgs of drugs, worth ?300 crore from a truck that came from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. The drugs were hidden among boxes of garments in the truck, and were found during checking at the trade facilitation centre in Uri near the Line of Control. Police have detained the truck driver, a resident of PoK, for questioning.
Sarai Kale Khan to be the biggest transport hub of Delhi	The Delhi government has announced plans to make Sarai Kale Khan the biggest transport hub of Delhi. Along with high-speed trains connecting the airport to Gurugram, Panipat, Ghaziabad, Meerut, and Alwar, it will also have a metro station, and a railway station. Sarai Kale Khan already has an Interstate Bus Terminus which will be redeveloped under the plan.
Mithali an incredible ambassador for cricket: Sania Mirza	"Sania Mirza has called Indian women's team captain Mithali Raj an ""incredible ambassador for the game of cricket"". ""Mithali has been performing amazingly for many years... I really hope this appreciation that all the girls are getting continues because they deserve it,"" said Sania. Mithali became the first Indian captain to lead the team in two ODI World Cup finals."
50% police posts lying vacant in Uttar Pradesh	Uttar Pradesh has the highest number of vacant police posts among all Indian states with around 50% vacancies, Home Ministry statistics have revealed. It is followed by West Bengal, Bihar and Karnataka, it added. Cumulatively, around 5 lakh police posts are lying vacant across the nation, which is around 22% of the 22.63 lakh sanctioned posts.
Delhi hotel worker threatens to blow up Red Fort, arrested	The Delhi Police has arrested a man working as a front-office manager in a Paharganj hotel for allegedly threatening to blow up the Red Fort. The hotel worker, Mehroop, allegedly made the threat while on a call with a man residing in Rohini. The man later dialled 100 and informed the police of the conversation between the two.
WBO Oriental champion refuses to fight Vijender Singh	WBO Oriental Champion China's Zulpikar Maimaitiali, who was set to fight Asia Pacific title holder Vijender Singh, has backed out from the bout as the talks between the boxers' promoters did not materialise. Reportedly, Vijender, who has an 8-0 record in pro-boxing so far, will still fight on the scheduled date, April 1, in Mumbai but against a different opponent.
Akhilesh Yadav resigns as Uttar Pradesh CM after BJP's win	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday submitted his resignation to Governor Ram Naik following his party's loss in the state Assembly elections. The Bharatiya Janata Party and its allies led in as many as 324 constituencies in the 403-member house while the Samajwadi Party-Congress alliance was relegated to a distant second with lead in only 55 seats.
Lalu Prasad calls Nitish Kumar 'palturam' of Indian politics	"Talking about Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Tuesday said, ""He is one big 'palturam' (turncoat) whose true colours will soon show."" He added, ""Yesterday when he accused me and my family; I knew it was coming. As he's not a man of his words. He has also forgotten the day when I made him rule."""
5-yr-old raped in South East Delhi	A five-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a 55-year-old man in South-East Delhi's Taimoor Nagar area on Monday, reports said. The police said the accused has been identified as Mukhtar Sheikh, who was working as a security guard in the city's New Friends Colony area. Sheikh had reportedly lured the girl on the pretext of giving a chocolate.
Hotel room where Sunanda Pushkar died not opened in 3 years	The Delhi Police on Friday told a city court that they cannot de-seal the five-star hotel room where Congress leader Shashi Tharoor's wife Sunanda Pushkar was found dead in 2014. More than three years after the incident, police said they still need time to investigate the case. The hotel claimed a loss of ?50 lakh because the room remained sealed.
Athlete to get record third gold 6 years after world c'ships	"British athlete Jessica Ennis-Hill is set to receive a record-equalling third heptathlon world championship gold medal for the 2011 event in South Korea. This comes after Russia's gold medallist Tatyana Chernova lost her appeal against a retrospective ban for taking steroids. Ennis-Hill, who had won gold medals in Berlin in 2009 and Beijing in 2015, said, ""Triple world champion. Wow!"""
Modi is a dictator who wants to split India: Lalu	"RJD supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav has alleged that PM Narendra Modi is a dictator who wants to split India into parts. ""Prime Minister of the country should not be speaking in a manner which belittles his stature,"" he said. ""He should rise above party politics. He should talk about development and not destruction,"" Lalu added."
Man in Modi mask whips TN farmers in protest in Delhi	"During the farmers' protest against the Centre's inaction over the drought in Tamil Nadu, a man dressed up as PM Narendra Modi was seen beating a farmer with a whip in Delhi. ""By ignoring us, it is like Modi...trying to beat us out of Delhi,"" a farmer said. The farmers had earlier held protests wearing sarees and carrying skulls."
Over 11.44 lakh duplicate PANs deactivated: Govt	Minister of State for Finance Santosh Gangwar said that as on July 27, over 11.44 lakh Permanent Account Numbers (PANs) were deleted or de-activated in cases where multiple PANs were allotted to one person. He further said that 1,566 fake PANs have been identified which were allotted to either non-existent people or in the names of persons with false identities.
Maneka Gandhi slams media for reporting 'every' rape case	"Union Minister for Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi has slammed the media for reporting 'every' rape case in the country. ""The press after the 2012 (Nirbhaya) incident has adopted a zero-tolerance policy. In other countries, press doesn't report rape and molestation anymore. Our press reports every incident. So it is on top of the mind,"" Maneka said."
Delhi govt forms task forces to decongest roads	Delhi government has formed six task forces to identify traffic junctions in the capital and offer solutions to decongest them. Each force will be headed by Deputy Commissioner of Police (traffic) and have members from agencies like PWD and DTC, among others. The teams will also look at the issue of illegal parking and suggest remedial measures, said an official.
Indian jails no less than ones there: India to UK on Mallya	"India has told the UK that the jails in India are no less than the ones in European nations, and extradited individuals will be lodged in proper jails. The statement comes after Vijay Mallya challenged India's extradition move saying Indian jails are ""below standard"". Further, Maharashtra has been instructed to improve the Arthur Road jail, where Mallya will be lodged."
Lalu's son won't resign as Bihar Deputy CM: RJD over raids	The Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) MLAs today said that party chief Lalu Prasad Yadav's son Tejashwi Yadav will not resign as the Bihar Deputy Chief Minister over the CBI raids on Yadav family's properties. Notably, after an FIR was registered against Tejashwi Yadav for acquiring Benami property, the BJP has been demanding to sack him from the Cabinet.
Oxford University faces trial over Indian student's lawsuit	"Oxford University has been directed to face trial over a claim for $1 million (around ?6.8 crore) compensation after an Indian-origin student Faiz Siddiqui sued the varsity for ""hopelessly bad"" and ""boring"" teaching, according to reports. Oxford University had argued that the claim was baseless and should be struck out because it had been over 16 years since Siddiqui graduated."
'Cheap Thrills' singer Sia spotted without her wig	Singer Sia, known for songs like 'Cheap Thrills' and 'Chandelier', was spotted without her wig at the Los Angeles airport on her way to Dubai. The 41-year-old singer usually makes public appearances wearing a half-black-half-blonde faux hair and never shows her face. Sia has introduced her distinctive look in her videos, where dancer Maddie Ziegler is seen in similar wigs.
Travel time for trucks reduced by a fifth post-GST: Govt	The travel time for long-haul trucks has reduced by at least a fifth after GST was introduced, Road Transport and Highways Ministry has said. Trucks earlier took 50-65 hours to reach Kolkata from Chennai and it now stands reduced by 20%, it reported. The collection of sales tax at inter-state check posts had led to major traffic congestion, it added.
Manny Pacquiao and Amir Khan to fight on April 23	Multiple-division world champion Philippines' Manny Pacquiao and Britain's Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan have agreed to fight in a bout, which is scheduled to be held on April 23. Khan is likely to drop to welterweight to fight Pacquiao for the World Boxing Organisation title. Pacquiao won the WBO welterweight title last November against American Jessie Vargas in Las Vegas.
Aaj aapne pakad liya: LeT man Dujana before being killed	"Lashkar-e-Taiba's Kashmir commander Abu Dujana, who was killed by security forces, said ""Kabhi hum aage, kabhi aap, aaj aapne pakad liya, mubarak ho aapko (Today you caught me. Congratulations)"" after being caught. He added that he won't surrender, and whatever is in his fate will happen to him. ""Hum nikley they shaheed hone (had left home for martyrdom),"" he added."
Fire broke out on sets of Bhoomi but no one got hurt: Aditi	"Actress Aditi Rao Hydari revealed that a fire broke out on Thursday evening on the sets of Sanjay Dutt's comeback film Bhoomi but no one was injured. Aditi added, ""We were shooting for the song with Ganesh (Acharya) master when a short circuit caused a fire. There were about 300 people on set, including the dancers, cast and crew."""
80% sanitation workers join work after strike: Reports	Around 80% of the east Delhi sanitation workers, who had gone on an indefinite strike in the wake of non-payment of salaries, have resumed work, according to reports. However, a section of sanitation workers continued to protest outside the East Delhi Municipal Corporation (EDMC) headquarter, marking the 10th day of the indefinite strike on Saturday.
Obama declares January 16 as Religious Freedom Day	"US President Barack Obama has declared January 16 as Religious Freedom Day in accordance with a yearly tradition. Urging his countrymen to stand against religious intolerance, Obama said, ""religious freedom is a principle based not on shared ancestry, culture, ethnicity, or faith but on a shared commitment to liberty."" He further said that America's strength comes from its diversity."
Lawyer behind Kasab's mercy plea now seeks mercy for Jadhav	Bombay High Court senior lawyer Yug Chaudhry has written a petition addressed to the President of Pakistan seeking mercy for former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav who has been awarded death sentence for allegedly spying. Chaudhry filed a similar petition in October 2012 seeking mercy for Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab who was awarded capital punishment by various courts of India.
UP woman kidnaps man from his wedding venue for ditching her	A woman kidnapped a man from his wedding venue in Uttar Pradesh's Hamirpur for allegedly ditching her. The man had dated the woman for several months and was getting married to the woman of his parents' choice. The kidnapper woman arrived at the mandap in an SUV, took out a pistol and asked the groom to sit in the car.
20 killed in suicide blast near office of Pak PM's brother	At least 20 people were killed and 30 others were injured on Monday in a suicide bomb blast in Lahore near the office of Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif's brother and Punjab CM Shehbaz. The attack reportedly targeted police personnel deployed at the site and buildings near the blast site were evacuated. No group has claimed responsibility for the blast yet.
US firm paid ?6 crore bribe for Indian highway contracts	The United States Justice Department has said that Boston-based construction firm CDM Smith allegedly paid more than ?6 crore as bribes from 2011 to 2015 to National Highway Authority of India officials for contracts. The investigation was closed by the Justice Department after the firm agreed to give up the money it earned as profits due to the bribes. nn
I won't sledge Virat Kohli: Australia's Glenn Maxwell	"Australian allrounder Glenn Maxwell has said he would not risk provoking Indian captain Virat Kohli in the upcoming four-Test series starting February 23. ""I am probably not going to say anything to him, that is for sure,"" said Maxwell. Talking about Australia's strategy to counter Kohli, Maxwell added, ""[H]opefully..we can create that doubt and get him wondering about his technique."""
Gujarat Deputy CM's 'drunk' son barred from boarding flight	"Gujarat Deputy Chief Minister Nitin Patel's son Jaimin was prevented from boarding a Greece-bound Qatar Airways flight on Monday after he allegedly arrived at Ahmedabad Airport in a ""heavily drunken"" state. Airport officials claimed Jaimin cleared immigration in a wheelchair and argued with Qatar employees. Denying the reports, his father said, ""Our opponents are trying to tarnish our image."""
Kejriwal fined ?10,000 for not replying in Jaitley case	The Delhi High Court imposed a fine of ?10,000 on CM Arvind Kejriwal for not filing a response in the new ?10-crore defamation suit filed against him by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Jaitley had filed a case after Kejriwal's lawyer Ram Jethmalani called him a 'crook' in court, during the previous case's hearing.
Rahul Gandhi shows his torn kurta to crowd at rally	"Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Monday showed his torn kurta that he was wearing to the crowd at a rally in poll-bound Uttarakhand. ""I am doing politics for the poor. PM Narendra Modi's photo appears with the super rich,"" Rahul said. ""See, I wear torn kurta. You'll never find Modiji wearing a torn kurta,"" Gandhi added."
Aadhaar enrolment only at government offices from September	Aadhaar-issuing authority UIDAI has asked the states to ensure that all enrolments, even those by private agencies, shift to government premises from external sites by September this year. The move will affect 25,000 active enrolment centres across India. The decision is a part of the government's effort to curb the cases of overcharging by private operators.
Mumbai cops stop patrolling island due to lack of boats	The Mora coastal police in Mumbai have stopped their daily patrolling of Elephanta Island after passenger boat services from Mora were terminated due to heavy rains. Residents have complained that the local police is not taking the required measures for their security. The island has a population of around 2,000 people and is visited by 3,000- 4,000 tourists every day.
Kumar Sangakkara scores 100th career century	Sri Lankan cricket great Kumar Sangakkara scored his 100th career century while playing for English county cricket side Surrey in a one-day match on Tuesday. The 39-year-old left-hander, who hit a run-a-ball 121 against Yorkshire, now has 39 centuries in one-day cricket along with his 61 centuries in first-class cricket, 38 of which have come in Test matches.
Police complaint against Kangana over Rani of Jhansi film	Filmmaker Ketan Mehta has filed a complaint with Mumbai Police against Kangana Ranaut, accusing her of cheating. Mehta claimed in the complaint that after filming parts of his movie on Rani of Jhansi, Kangana left the film abruptly, and began shooting for 'Manikarnika', another movie based on a similar theme. This resulted in a loss of ?9 crore, claims Mehta.n
Sushant takes rumoured girlfriend Kriti on a ride in new car	Actor Sushant Singh Rajput was spotted taking his rumoured girlfriend Kriti Sanon on a ride in Mumbai in his new car. The actor has bought himself a blue-coloured luxury sports saloon, Maserati Quattroporte, which has a starting price of ?1.5 crore. Sushant and Kriti will be seen together in the upcoming film 'Raabta'.
South Delhi civic body to fine people defecating in open	"The South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SDMC) has reportedly authorised its health and sanitation officials to fine people defecating in the open. Violators will be fined on the spot and the fine amount has been fixed at ?50. ""Besides issuing challans, we will educate such people with the help of NGOs,"" SDMC Commissioner Puneet Goel said."
FSSAI bans use of staple pins in tea bags from Jan 2018	Food regulator FSSAI has banned the use of staple pins in tea bags from January next year citing serious health hazards. Use of staple pins in tea bags poses potential hazards since any loose pin consumed inadvertently can cause serious health problems, the order said. At present, types of tea bags available in the market are either stapled or knotted.
9-year-old found dead in park with deep cuts and burn marks	A nine-year-old boy's naked body with deep cuts and possible burns was found on Tuesday in a public park in south Delhi's Pul Prahladpur. The boy's family alleged that he was tortured with a sharp object and stubbed with burning cigarettes before being murdered. The police is waiting for the autopsy report to confirm if he was sexually abused.
Syndicate Bank appoints Melwyn Rego as its new CEO and MD	Syndicate Bank has appointed Melwyn Rego as its new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Managing Director (MD). Rego, who assumed charge on July 1, was previously the Chief Executive Officer of Bank of India. Melwyn has also served as the Deputy MD of IDBI Bank and as the CEO of IDBI Homefinance.
Nurse beats up doctor over pending salary in Maharashtra	A government doctor in Washim district of Maharashtra was allegedly beaten up by a 26-year-old nurse over pending salary. Having not received her salary for two months, the nurse had requested the doctor to look into the matter. She then beat him up on Thursday in a fit of anger with footwear first and then slapped him, police said.
India slip to number four in ICC T20I team rankings	The Indian T20I team slipped a spot to the fourth place in the ICC T20I team rankings, according to the latest ICC rankings released on Tuesday. The Virat Kohli-led team, with 118 rating points, is three points behind World T20 2009 winner Pakistan and World T20 2010 winner England. New Zealand with 125 rating points is the top-ranked T20I team.
Shuttlers Kashyap, Prannoy enter US Open semifinals	Indian shuttlers Parupalli Kashyap and HS Prannoy earned victories on Friday to enter the men's singles semi-finals at the $120,000 US Open Grand Prix Gold badminton in Anaheim. Prannoy will face Vietnamese veteran and 15th seed Tien Minh Nguyen, while Kashyap will play against South Korea's Kwang Hee Heo.
India defeat Pakistan to win Asian Snooker Championship	The Pankaj Advani-led Indian snooker team defeated Pakistan in the final of the Asian Team Snooker Championship on Wednesday. Advani remained the only player to not lose a single individual match in the team event. This title brings up Advani's second Asian title this season and the 8th overall, while it was the first title for Advani's teammate Laxman Rawat.
Mulayam's younger son, daughter-in-law meet CM Adityanath	"Samajwadi Party Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav's younger son Prateek Yadav along with his wife Aparna Yadav on Friday met newly-appointed Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath at a VVIP guest house in Lucknow. The duo spent around 30 minutes with the CM and later described it as a ""courtesy call"". Aparna had lost the election to BJP MLA Rita Bahuguna."
US Press Secy wishes India '70th independence anniversary'	"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer wished the people of India ""a happy 70th anniversary on their independence"" in his daily press briefing on Friday. In response to a query on PM Narendra Modi and US President Donald Trump's upcoming meeting, Spicer began his answer with the independence wish. He went on to discuss the agenda of the meeting."
Moti Bagh rape: Constable held for misusing Home Min sticker	The Delhi Police has arrested a CISF head constable, Omkar Singh, for allegedly ?misusing? a Home Ministry sticker that was found on a car in which a 20-year-old woman was allegedly raped in the Moti Bagh area, earlier this week. Singh had reportedly given the sticker to his son, Mohit Pawar, who used to use it to evade toll charges.
Farmer complains about receiving ?2 crore in bank account	An Andhra Pradesh farmer complained to Andhra Pragathi Grameena Bank that nearly ?2 crore were deposited in his account without his knowledge. His bank account showed unknown transactions, including a transfer of over ?34 lakh by Lanco Amarkantak Power, which is owned by a former Congress MP, reports said. Following this, the bank launched an inquiry into the suspicious transactions.
HC asks Centre to act against BJP, Cong in funding case	Delhi High Court gave the Home Ministry six weeks to comply with the 2014 judgment, in which the court found BJP and Congress defying the norms of the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act. The Act prohibits political parties or legislator from accepting foreign contributions. In 2014, the court had directed the ministry and Election Commission to take action within six months.
Bible, Quran placed next to Kalam statue along with Gita	After the uproar over a copy of the Bhagavad Gita being placed near the statue of late President APJ Abdul Kalam at the memorial built for him in Tamil Nadu, a Bible and Quran were also placed there by his grand nephew. Notably, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had inaugurated the memorial at Rameswaram on Thursday.
Gurugram condo association identifies 'dog poop thrower'	"The residents' association of the Belvedere Tower Condominium in Gurugram has identified the person allegedly flinging dog faeces from an apartment in Tower A. The accused was identified after the association questioned the 15 dog owners living in the tower. Earlier, a notice requesting residents to come forward with information about the ""disgusting act"" had emerged."
Delhi Police uses new software to predict crime hotspots	"The Delhi Police is using a new software, which accesses real-time data from its helpline and helps identify crime hotspots. Police can then deploy enough policemen at these places. ""In a mega city, we believe a lot of crimes are predictable and can be curbed,"" said an official. The software will replace manual data gathering, which happens every 15 days."
Eight public libraries built with Swaraj fund inaugurated	Delhi's Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia inaugurated eight public libraries constructed under the Swaraj Fund in the Karawal Nagar assembly constituency in Delhi on Sunday. These libraries have been built from the citizen local area development fund, or Swaraj fund, and were taken up after people chose them as priority projects in mohalla sabhas conducted in various assembly constituencies.n
If AAP doesn't win 50% seats, Kejriwal must resign: Yogendra	"Ahead of Delhi civic polls, Swaraj India leader Yogendra Yadav has sought AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal's resignation if his political party fails to win 50% seats in the election. ""You have broken the trust of the people of Delhi. Following your betrayal, the public has lost faith in its own capability to distinguish good from bad,"" he added."
I think after 126 films, I did an overdose of cinema: Suniel	"Suniel Shetty has said that after doing 126 films, one can't say that he has not been doing that many films while adding, ""I did an overdose of cinema."" Suniel further said, ""I needed to take a break...to focus on my children. Athiya and Ahan's careers are more important to me."" Suniel will complete 25 years in Bollywood this year."
Roger Federer wins his career's 100th title	Swiss tennis player Roger Federer registered his career's 100th title, winning the Halle Open in Germany on Sunday. The victory was Federer's 16th grass court and 92nd singles title, his fourth this year, after wins at the Australian Open, Indian Wells and Miami Open. The 18-time Grand Slam champion is the 10th to reach the landmark of 100 career titles.
Punjab cop thrashes vendor who refused to pay bribe	A video of a policeman thrashing a vendor outside a passport office in Punjab's Ludhiana has gone viral. The victim, who sells file covers at a makeshift stall, was beaten by the cop after he reportedly refused to pay ?100 bribe. After the video went viral, Ludhiana Police Commissioner RN Dhoke initiated a departmental inquiry against the cop.
Delhi govt to make fresh appointment for guest teachers	The Delhi government will invite fresh applications for guest teachers in its school, reports said. This comes days after a group of guest teachers protested against Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal at a government function held for them. The city-state government had earlier allowed the already employed guest teachers to continue in the last two years.
22,000 people evacuated after fire at Spain music festival	More than 22,000 people were evacuated on Saturday after a fire broke out on one of the stages at Tomorrowland Unite music festival in Barcelona, Spain. It is believed the fire could have been triggered by a firework display which was part of the show. Firefighters managed to extinguish the flame and no injuries have been reported, said the organisers.
India witnessed maximum bombings worldwide in 2016: Report	India witnessed the maximum bombings worldwide in 2016, according to a report by the National Bomb Data Centre. While there were 406 bombing incidents, including IED and ordnance explosive blasts, in India, Iraq came second with almost half the number at 221. Notably, Pakistan witnessed 161 bombing incidents in 2016, followed by Afghanistan at 132 and Turkey at 92.
Where would Apple, IBM be without global talent: Urjit Patel	"Commenting on rising protectionism in major economies, RBI Governor Urjit Patel has asked, ""Where would Apple be, where would Cisco be, where would IBM be if they were not sourcing the best products and talent from across the world?"" ""[I]f policies come in the way...then the big wealth creators in a country that advocates protectionism are ultimately affected,"" he added."
Modi becomes 1st Indian PM to visit Spain in 30 years	"Narendra Modi became the first Indian PM to visit Spain in nearly 30 years, after he reached the country on Tuesday night. The previous Indian PM to visit Spain was Rajiv Gandhi, in 1988. Modi tweeted ""Landed in Spain, marking the start of a very important visit aimed at improving economic and cultural relations with Spain,"" in Spanish and English."
India wants to host 2032 Olympics, 2030 Asiad: IOA head	The Indian Olympic Association's (IOA) chief N Ramachandran has revealed that IOA has asked the government for permission to bid for the 2032 Olympics and 2030 Asian Games. Ramachandran said the IOA also wanted India to host the Asian Beach Games in 2020 alongside hosting 2020's Olympic Council of Asia General Assembly meeting and the International Olympic Committee's 2021 session.
Delhi cops shot at while trying to stop ATM theft	Two Delhi Police constables were shot at while trying to stop an ATM theft by five men in Delhi's Pandav Nagar on Friday. After spotting the policemen, the three men outside alerted two of their aides inside the ATM and opened fire to scare the constables away, but no bullets hit them. The men managed to escape, but without money.
India wins bronze at women's U-18 Asia Cup hockey	India defeated South Korea 3-0 in the women's U-18 Asia Cup hockey in Bangkok on Thursday to win the bronze medal in the tournament. India got the lead in the second half following a penalty corner by Ritu, while Sangita Kumari scored a brace to make it 3-0. Hockey India announced a cash reward of ?1 lakh for each player.
Baahubali 2 gets ?200 crore insurance cover	Baahubali 2 has been insured by Future Generali for over ?200 crore, under its film package insurance product. The policy covers risks related to the film from the pre-production to post-production stage, said a statement. It provides cover against film's legal liability to pay damages for third-party civil claims arising out of bodily injury or property damage, due to accidents.
Air India replaces operations head who skipped alcohol test	National carrier Air India on Friday replaced its Executive Director (Operations) Captain AK Kathpalia from the post for not taking the breath analyser test. As per law, it is mandatory for all pilots to take the pre-flight medical test before taking flight. Last month, aviation regulator DGCA had suspended Kathpalia?s flying licence for three months for skipping the mandatory test.
Rajinikanth extends his support for Jallikattu	"Superstar Rajinikanth on Friday extended his support for Jallikattu, the popular and ancient bull-taming sport, played during Pongal festival in Tamil Nadu. Rajinikanth said, ""Bring in whatever rules but Jallikattu must be held to keep up the traditions of our Tamil culture."" Earlier, Kamal Haasan had also supported Jallikattu, saying, ""If you want a ban on Jallikattu, ban biriyani too."""
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal receives two death threats	Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has received two death threats on his official e-mail, according to the Delhi Police. They also added that the Delhi government has approached Police Commissioner Alok Verma, who then directed the Crime Branch to investigate the matter. Police have been verifying the alleged death threat to the Delhi CM, reports claimed.
There is a volcano-spa in Colombia	There is a natural mud spa in a volcano situated in Colombia. The mud spa can be accessed by climbing the 50-foot tall volcano by a staircase. Tourists also have the option of being treated to personal mud massages by attendants. It is then followed by a bath in a nearby lagoon to rinse off.
Who is Shayara Bano, woman behind triple talaq case in SC?	The triple talaq case in the Supreme Court originated from the petition filed by Shayara Bano in 2016 in a case of divorce from her husband. Bano was given divorce through a 'talaqnama' sent to her while she was at her parents' place. A postgraduate in Sociology, Bano petitioned the court for a ban on triple talaq and polygamy.
1,300 amenities planned along Mumbai-Goa highway: Gadkari	"The proposed four-laning of highway connecting Goa and Mumbai will have around 1,300 roadside amenities, Union minister Nitin Gadkari said on Thursday. ""Hotels, restaurants and outlets selling local produce can be promoted as part of these amenities. The local food can be made available along the road,"" he said. The facilities can be decided considering the tourism potential, he added."
Virat Kohli is twice as aggressive as I was: Sourav Ganguly	"Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly said that current Indian Test team captain Virat Kohli is twice as aggressive as he was. ""His [Kohli's] aggression is two times more than mine,"" Ganguly said while addressing reporters during the launch of the Sourav Ganguly Foundation and Sourav Ganguly Cricket School in Kolkata on Wednesday."
Reliance Jio could earn ?21,300 crore this fiscal: Moody's	"Reliance Jio will be able to generate revenue of about ?21,300 crore for the current financial year, assuming its 7.2 crore Prime users pay for services between July 2017 and March 2018, ratings agency Moody's said. Further, Jio's paid customers are ""credit positive"" for Reliance Industries, it noted. Jio's aggressive stance will ensure heightened competition in the sector, it added."
Pak man claims to be ISI agent at Delhi airport	A Pakistani passport holder flew in from Dubai to the New Delhi's IGI Airport and claimed to be associated with the country's intelligence agency ISI on Friday. Muhammad Rafiq, who was to fly to Kathmandu next, was detained by security officials. During questioning, the 38-year-old said he had decided to leave the agency and stay in India.
Badshah never lies, if he does, he is not a badshah: Azam	"Criticising PM Narendra Modi for his ""false promises"", Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan on Thursday said, ""Badshah (king) never tells lies and if he does, he isn't a badshah"". ""The Prime Minister made a false promise to people that (black) money (stashed in foreign banks) will be deposited in their bank accounts but nothing of the sort happened,"" he added."
Pakistan's national cricket academy gets 1st Sikh cricketer	Mahinder Pal Singh has become the first Sikh cricketer from Pakistan to join the country's National Cricket Academy. As per Pakistani media reports, Mahinder, belonging to Lahore, has been named among the top 30 emerging cricketers in the country. In Pakistan's cricket history, only seven non-Muslim cricketers have represented the country.
Non-performing assets viewed as criminal: SBI's Bhattacharya	"SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya has said NPAs (non-performing assets) are treated as criminal in India. ""NPA is treated as criminal, which it should not be. There is no permission for failures...But failures will take place,"" she said. Bhattacharya further said that loans were given when GDP growth was high, expecting that the accounts would not turn bad."
Indian boxers claim five gold medals at Czech Grand Prix	The Indian boxing contingent at the 48th Grand Prix Usti Nad Labem in the Czech Republic claimed five gold medals, two silver and one bronze medal at the event. Among the gold medal winners were World Championships bronze-medallist Shiva Thapa and former Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Manoj Kumar. The World Boxing Championships are scheduled from August 25 to September 2.
Ganguly called his shirt-waving celebration a 'big mistake'	"Former India captain Sourav Ganguly, who took off his shirt at Lord's after India's NatWest series win on July 13, 2002, had later called the celebration a ""big mistake"". ""It was only a way of relieving the pressure. You make mistakes in life. I made a mistake. But we were on the winning side,"" Ganguly later admitted."
Jio's complimentary offer not in sync with regulations: TRAI	TRAI Chairman RS Sharma has said the telecom regulator advised Reliance Jio to stop its complimentary services offer as it wasn't in accordance with the regulatory framework. TRAI has asked Jio to withdraw its three-month complimentary offer of unlimited data usage and free calls on payment of a minimum ?303. Jio has said it will fully comply with TRAI's order.
12-yr-old to represent India at football programme in Russia	Sujal Kahar, a 12-year-old football enthusiast and goalkeeper from Mumbai, has been shortlisted to represent India at the global Football For Friendship (F4F) social programme. It will be held in Russia's St Petersburg in July. India will join the F4F programme for the first time and will participate alongside over 60 other countries.
1st Indian-origin woman to go to space was born on this day	"The first Indian-origin woman in space, Kalpana Chawla was born on March 17, 1962. Chawla moved to the United States in 1982 and joined NASA in 1988. Describing her first mission in space, she said, ""You are just your intelligence"", on experiencing weightlessness. The astronaut died with six crew members on her second mission aboard the Columbia spacecraft in 2003."
Dilli Haat hosts 31st Dastkari Haat Craft Bazaar	Dilli Haat is hosting the 31st Dastkari Haat Craft Bazaar, providing visitors a chance to meet artisans and craftsmen from Iran and India. The event, which will end on January 15, showcases jewellery, block printing, calligraphy, and pottery. As part of the exhibit, nine award-winning artists and calligraphers from Iran have collaborated with 200 Indian artisans.
Mob assaults man caught with woman in compromising position	A 25-year-old man was on Wednesday assaulted by a mob which allegedly found him in a compromising position with a woman at a government-run centre in Bokaro, Jharkhand. The victim, found unconscious when police rescued him from the mob, has suffered multiple injuries on his head, neck, legs and back. The man is reportedly battling for life in a hospital.
Duo held with 16 kg gold at Mumbai airport	Two fliers were held at the Mumbai airport for allegedly carrying nearly 16 kilograms of gold in their baggage, according to reports. The duo, identified as N Jadhav and P Jadhav, had reportedly taken a flight for Mumbai from the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi. They have been detained by the Income Tax department.
Sex is important at every stage: Twinkle Khanna	"Actress-turned-author Twinkle Khanna, while speaking at an event, said that sex is important at every stage of life. ""The things I found extremely attractive in Akshay have changed over time,"" she added. Twinkle and Akshay, who got married in 2001, completed 16 years of marriage in January this year. They have a 14-year-old son Aarav and a 4-year-old daughter Nitara."
B'desh keeper sets record for most catches by a substitute	Bangladesh player Imrul Kayes set a world record for most catches taken by a substitute keeper in Tests, taking five during the ongoing Wellington Test against New Zealand on Sunday. Imrul came in place of an injured Mushfiqur Rahim in New Zealand's first innings, and matched the latter's record of highest wicketkeeping dismissals for Bangladesh.
2 suspicious bags found near Pathankot military base	The security forces were put on alert in Pathankot on Thursday as two suspicious black bags were found near Mamoon Cantt area. The police have recovered mobile tower batteries from the bags. On Wednesday, a search operation was launched in Pathankot and Gurdaspur to track down three suspicious men who broke the police barrier in Gurdaspur and then went missing.
Taapsee Pannu, Amit Sadh's Running Shaadi hits the theatres	"The Taapsee Pannu and Amit Sadh starrer 'Running Shaadi', which released on Friday, ""is great in patches..."", wrote India Today. Hindustan Times wrote, ""The film has its moments, but they're too few to keep you engrossed"", while Times of India said, ""The story is funny...the performances up to the mark."" It was rated 3/5 (India Today, TOI) and 2/5 (HT)."
Raj Gujjar body demands separate 5% quota under OBC: Report	The Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakashan Sangharsh Samiti has demanded separate reservation of 5% within Other Backward Class quota, reports said. In 2015, the Rajasthan government had provided 5% reservation for  Gujjars, Banjaras, Gadia Lohars, Gadarias and Raikas under Special Backward Classes, taking the total reservation in Rajasthan to 54%. However, the Rajasthan High Court struck down the move.
Delhi: Man beaten after he blames PM for queues outside ATMs	"A 45-year-old man was allegedly beaten with cricket stumps in Delhi's Jaitpur area after he blamed PM Narendra Modi for chaos outside ATMs post note ban, reports said. ""A man started fighting with me and hit me in the head. I have received two stitches,"" the victim said. A case has been registered at Jaitpur police station, reports added."
Scrap Kashmir's special status in 8 days: Shiv Sena to BJP	"The Shiv Sena has urged the PM Narendra Modi-led central government to scrap Jammu and Kashmir's special status in the next eight days, in order to combat terrorism in the state. ""The country needs action and for that it is alright even if Prime Minister Narendra Modi has to imbibe Hitler's form"" read an editorial in Sena's mouthpiece, Saamana."
Differently-abled people to get quota in 3AC lower berths	The Indian Railways has fixed a quota for the lower berth in third AC coaches of trains for 'divyangs', or the differently-abled, reports said. Currently, the provision is available only in sleeper class. Recently, an inquiry was ordered after a wheelchair-bound para-athlete, Suvarna Raj, was forced to sleep on the floor after being denied a lower berth on a train.
I don't give a shit: Rana on his leaked pic kissing Trisha	"Rana Daggubati, while reacting to a leaked picture of him kissing Trisha Krishnan from singer Suchitra Karthik's Twitter account, said he doesn't give a shit. ""There were many pictures. If mine made news, it probably means I'm more popular than others,"" he joked. Dhanush, Hansika Motwani's private images were also leaked from the account, which Suchitra claimed was hacked."
Stand by triple talaq like Tamils did for Jallikattu: Owaisi	"All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) Chief Asaduddin Owaisi has urged Muslims to stand in support of triple talaq just like the people of Tamil Nadu stood against the ban on traditional bull-taming sport Jallikattu. ""We also have our own culture. We will marry and divorce the way we want to. Nobody should direct us what we should do,"" Owaisi said."
Iran bans chess grandmaster for not wearing hijab	"Chess grandmaster Dorsa Derakhshani was banned by Iran for not wearing a hijab at the Gibraltar Chess Festival 2017. Dorsa's 15-year-old brother was also banned for playing a chess match against Israel. ""The first step in dealing with them would be to deprive them of every game played in Iran and in the name of Iran,"" said an Iranian official."
RBI?refuses to deposit ?200 cr in old notes from Maharashtra	RBI has refused to deposit cash of over ?200 crore in old notes from 31 district central cooperative banks in Maharashtra. RBI argued that the cooperative banks collected the notes after they were demonetised, but the banks claim they were collected before. The banks have decided to move court seeking direction to the RBI to accept the scrapped currency.
Can't pull off the outfits that Rihanna can: Gigi Hadid	"Model Gigi Hadid has said she cannot pull off the clothes that singer Rihanna can. ""[B]ut she makes me excited about getting dressed... which is inspiring,"" she added. Gigi further said the best fashion tip she has received is if she doesn't know what to wear to a party, she should just wear jeans, a T-shirt and heels."
Mulayam Singh has unpaid electricity bills worth ?4 lakh	Following a surprise check at Mulayam Singh Yadav's house in Etawah, officials have found out that the Samajwadi Party patriarch has unpaid electricity bills worth ?4 lakh. Yadav has been given time till April-end to clear the dues. Notably, Mulayam's bungalow has over dozen rooms, its own air-conditioning plant, a temperature-controlled swimming pool, and several elevators, according to a report.
Modi govt to build toilets in 1L madrassas by 2018: Minister	Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Saturday said that the Modi government will build toilets in one lakh madrassas in the country by the end of the next financial year. The project will be carried out under Swachh Bharat Mission. Furthermore, three states ? Sikkim, Kerala, Himachal Pradesh ? have been declared open defecation free.
Over 21 lakh Indians applied for H-1B visa in 11 yrs: Report	More than 21 lakh Indian technology professionals have applied for H-1B work visas in the last 11 years, an official report of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services said. The majority of those who applied for the visa were holding master's or bachelor's degree and their average salary over the last 11 years has been $92,317.
Virat Kohli receives Padma Shri at Rashtrapati Bhavan	"Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli was conferred with the Padma Shri Award by President Pranab Mukherjee at a ceremony at the Rashtrapati Bhavan on Thursday. ""What an absolute honor and a memorable day to receive the Padma Shri award from the President of India. God's been kind. Jai Hind,"" the 28-year-old tweeted."
Hudco gets Sebi approval to raise funds through IPO	State-run housing finance company Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited  (Hudco) has received Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) approval to raise funds through an IPO. IDBI Capital, Nomura Financial Advisory and Securities, SBI Capital Markets and ICICI Securities will manage the company's public issue. Hudco's IPO is a part of the government's disinvestment plan.
If BJP wins in UP, farmers' loan will be waived first: Modi	"Addressing an election rally in Uttar Pradesh's Jaunpur, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that if the BJP wins Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections, it will waive off farmers' loan first. Claiming that the BJP will celebrate Holi with the party's victory in UP, Modi slammed the current State government saying, ""Mothers and daughters are not safe under the Akhilesh Yadav government."""
Tata Teleservices fires up to 600 employees amid competition	Tata Teleservices has fired between 500 and 600 employees in sales and other related functions, according to reports. The layoffs are across locations and severance package being offered to employees is one month's salary for every year of service, reports added. The layoffs come amid the telecom industry witnessing intense competition triggered by the entry of Reliance Jio.
We will win UP, exit polls in Bihar were wrong too: Rahul	"A day after exit polls predicted victory for the BJP in Uttar Pradesh, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Friday said, ""We will win in Uttar Pradesh. Exit polls projections in Bihar were wrong."" He further said, ""We will talk on 11 March. I am not giving any opinion on the opinion polls."""
Gods get legal notice for property tax returns in Haryana	In some temples of Fatehabad district, Haryana, Gods like Lord Shiva, Radha-Krishna duo, and others, were sent legal notices by the municipal council asking them to file property tax returns. The tax amount ranged from ?4,000 to ?3 lakh. Notably, the deities were asked to pay the tax depending on the land occupied by their temple.
I am a soldier first and then a politician: Amarinder Singh	"Former Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh on Thursday said, ""I am a soldier first and then a politician. One shouldn't forget his/her first love and mine is Army."" Singh was addressing a press conference in Delhi, ahead of the upcoming Punjab Assembly elections, wherein he asked everyone present to observe a two-minute silence for soldiers who die for the country."
EC fixes date for EVM hackathon after all-party meet	The Election Commission on Friday challenged the political parties to try to hack its Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) this Sunday or Monday. The decision was taken after the poll panel held an all-party meeting over the EVM tampering issue. Several political parties, including AAP, Congress, Samajwadi Party and BSP, have raised doubts over the reliability of the EVMs.n
Surfing festival to be held in Karnataka	In what is believed to be a first, Karnataka Tourism will organise a surfing festival between May 27-29. The festival will be held at the Sasithithlu Beach in Mangalore. Along with this, the state's tourism ministry is also planning to introduce a set of recreational activities which will include skydiving and motorcycle tourism.
10-yr-old accidentally discovers 1.2 million-year-old fossil	"Jude Sparks, a 10-year-old kid, accidentally discovered a rare 1.2 million-year-old skull of a stegomastodon, a prehistoric ancestor of elephants, while hiking in the Las Cruces desert in New Mexico, US. ""This may be only the second complete skull found in New Mexico"", said a University professor who is currently studying the fossil, which weighs about a tonne."
Hackers take down 30 Pak govt websites to avenge Jadhav	"Around 11 Indian hackers of lulzsec India group have reportedly taken down 30 Pakistani government websites in protest against the death penalty to former Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav by a Pakistan court. ""Charges against Kulbhushan Jadhav are fictitious, fake and farcical. There is no evidence of wrongdoing by him,"" read a message posted by hackers on a Pakistani website."
Shahabuddin fined for not having train ticket on way to jail	Former RJD MP  Mohammed Shahabuddin was charged a fine of ?440 by the TTE onboard the Sampoorna Kranti Express for travelling without a ticket. The incident happened during Shahabuddin's transfer from Patna's Beur jail to New Delhi's Tihar jail. The criminal-turned-politician was being transferred in sleeper class after Supreme Court's directive that he must not be given any VIP treatment.
Coincidence Ranbir's hair like Tintin: Jagga Jasoos director	"Jagga Jasoos director Anurag Basu has said it's a coincidence that Ranbir Kapoor's hairdo in the film is like the comic book character Tintin. He added, ""This look wasn't my first choice...[but] no other look...matched our narrative."" Basu further revealed that he had stacks of Tintin comics during childhood and details of such adventure stories stayed in his mind."
Floyd Mayweather to train Soulja Boy for Chris Brown fight	Former boxing world champion Floyd Mayweather is training rapper Soulja Boy for his three-round bout against fellow R&B star Chris Brown, set to take place in March. The rap stars' tiff started after Soulja Boy liked an Instagram photo of Brown?s former girlfriend, Karrueche Tran, and worsened after he posted a picture with Brown's 2-year-old daughter.
Man arrested for selling over 50 stolen bikes on OLX, Quikr	Delhi Police have arrested a man named Sarfaraj Ahmed for stealing more than 50 motorcycles and selling them on used vehicle platforms like OLX and Quikr. As many as 18 costly motorcycles and scooters were recovered from him along with fake number plates, IDs and SIM cards. Ahmed had rented a room in Delhi's Matiala to store the stolen vehicles.
World's largest rodent species' member gives birth in UK zoo	A six-year-old capybara, member of the world's largest rodent species has given birth to a pup at Chester Zoo, UK. Capybaras are often referred to as giant guinea pigs and can grow to up to 5 feet in length. Notably, the species is threatened due to habitat degradation and illegal poaching for its meat and skin, for making leather.
Jhanvi, Ishaan cast in The Fault In Our Stars remake: Report	According to reports, Sridevi's daughter Jhanvi Kapoor will feature in the Hindi remake of 2014 Hollywood film 'The Fault In Our Stars'. Actor Shahid Kapoor's half-brother Ishaan Khattar will also be seen in the film. Reports suggest that this will be Jhanvi's debut film in Bollywood.
Man in Riyadh divorces wife in Hyd through newspaper ad	"A Hyderabad man, employed in Saudi Arabia's Riyadh, announced 'talaq' (divorce) to his wife in an advertisement published in an Urdu daily on March 4. ""If he was unhappy with me, he should have spoken with me once. He married me in front of all and should have divorced in front of all relatives,"" said the wife."
Rakshabandhan compulsory for employees in Daman and Diu	"The Administration of Union Territory Daman and Diu has issued a circular making it compulsory for all employees to celebrate Rakshabandhan by asking women employees to tie rakhis on the wrist of male colleagues. ""It has been decided to celebrate the festival of Rakshabandhan on August 7. In this connection, all offices/departments shall remain open,"" the circular read."
I benefitted a lot from the 'serial kisser' tag: Emraan	"Actor Emraan Hashmi has said he benefitted a lot from the 'serial kisser' tag. ""A number of my films in which I was shown kissing did very well in the beginning of my career,"" he added. However, Emraan said he's now trying to do away with the tag as it may restrict his growth as an actor."
Congress leaders should be beaten up with shoes: BJP MP	"BJP MP Raj Kumar Saini on Sunday said that Congress leaders should be beaten up with shoes for not developing Haryana. ""Congress has formed government in Haryana on multiple occasions. It has turned people into beggars. And now, when BJP is in power in the state, Congress leaders are alleging that people are being wronged,"" he added."
HC revokes ban on Pepsi, Coca-Cola using TN river water	The Madras High Court on Thursday revoked the ban on Pepsi and Coca-Cola from using Thamirabarani river water. The companies had been banned from using the river's water on a plea that they were depriving farmers of their livelihood. They paid only ?0.37 per 1,000 litres of water and sold their beverages at a much higher cost, the plea contended.
UK-based doctor charged with 118 sexual offences	A UK-based doctor, Manish Shah, has been charged with 118 sexual offences, the Metropolitan Police said on Wednesday. Shah has been accused of 65 counts of assault by penetration and 52 allegations of sexual assault, police officials added. He has also been charged with one count of sexual assault on a child under 13.
Nestle loses bid to trademark four-finger shape of KitKat	"Confectionery multinational Nestle has lost its bid against Cadbury to register the shape of the four-finger KitKat chocolate as a trademark, marking its fourth unsuccessful attempt to do so. The court ruled the four-finger design had ""no inherent distinctiveness"" and the shape was not a ""badge or origin"". This will let competitors produce their own KitKat copies without legal consequences."
Sania Mirza out, Rohan Bopanna in Wimbledon quarters	Sania Mirza and her mixed doubles partner, Croatia's Ivan Dodig, crashed out of the Wimbledon's mixed doubles event, losing 6-7, 4-6 to Henri Kontinen and Heather Watson in the third round. Meanwhile, French Open champions Rohan Bopanna and his Canadian partner Gabriela Dabrowski reached the quarters, beating the Croatian pair of Nikola Mektic and Ana Konjuh 7-6, 6-2 on Wednesday.
India among top targets for web application attacks: Report	With over 1.1 crore web application attacks in the fourth quarter of 2016, India is one of the top target countries for web application attacks, according to a report by US-based content delivery network provider Akamai Technologies. While India ranked fourth, US topped the list with over 24 crore web application attacks in the country.
Swaraj requests safety of Indian woman ill-treated in Pak	Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has sent a Note Verbale requesting the safety, security and well-being of Mohammadia Begum, an Indian woman who was being mistreated by her in-laws in Pakistan. Swaraj asked the Indian High Commission to renew the Indian woman's passport and facilitate her return to India. This comes after Swaraj received a YouTube message from the victim's father.
Wish media hadn't leaked Ranbir's look from Dutt biopic: Dia	"Actress Dia Mirza has said that the media shouldn't have leaked Ranbir's look as actor Sanjay Dutt from the upcoming biopic on Dutt. She added, ""I will admit it was upsetting...we wish media had respected the privacy of the film and not revealed the look."" In the film, Dia will be seen playing the role of Maanayata, Dutt's wife."
Akshay praises fan's rap video on 'Toilet- Ek Prem Katha'	"Akshay Kumar took to Twitter to share a fan's rap video on his upcoming film 'Toilet- Ek Prem Katha' and praised him for the video. The fan, named Abhishek Bhatt, wrote that he has made the video to ""thank Mr Khiladi for always inspiring us"". The film's plot is aligned with the principles of PM Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan."
India's top-ranked shot putter Manpreet suspended for doping	Following her failed dope test, India's top-ranked female shot putter Manpreet Kaur has been suspended by the Athletics Federation and is set to lose her gold medal which she won at the 22nd Asian Athletics Championships. Kaur will also miss next month's World Championships for which she had qualified for by winning the Asian Athletics Championships gold medal.
Top Lashkar-e-Taiba commander killed by armed forces in J&K	Indian security forces on Wednesday killed top Lashkar-e-Taiba commander Abu Bakr in a 6-hour-long encounter in J&K's Sopore, reports said. Bakr was reportedly holed up in a residential building in a village near Sopore and was firing at army personnel from there. The forces blasted the building where Bakr was hiding, and recovered arms and ammunitions from the encounter site.
Restaurant serves wrong orders to raise dementia awareness	"The Restaurant of Order Mistakes in Tokyo only employs waiters with dementia, and diners can expect to receive the wrong order. The restaurant aims to raise awareness of mental illness and show that people with dementia can be productive members of society. A food blogger who ordered a burger but received gyoza said the meal was still ""delicious."""
Indira Gandhi a towering personality: Pranab during farewell	"Outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee in his farewell speech on Sunday remembered Indira Gandhi, calling her a towering personality. He also mentioned an incident when on being asked about her gains after the Emergency, she replied, ""In those 21 months we comprehensively managed to alienate all sections of people"". ""Nobody after that asked a question about Emergency"", he said."
Essar group seeks ?4,000 crore as refund from I-T dept	Ruias-owned Essar Group is seeking a refund of ?4,000 crore capital gains tax deducted in 2011 when it sold stake in telecom venture to UK's Vodafone. Essar's Mauritius unit, Essar Communications, had sold 22% in Vodafone Essar for $4.2 billion. Vodafone, however, paid $3.32 billion after withholding $0.88 billion as tax deducted at source, which wasn't due under India-Mauritius treaty.
Bee attack delays Hyderabad-Pune flight by an hour	"A swarm of bees reportedly attacked a Hyderabad-Pune flight last week and delayed it by almost an hour. The flight was able to take off only after a repellent spray was used to clear the insects from the area. ""We will look into the matter and necessary action will be taken,"" a Directorate General of Civil Aviation official said."
Russia-bound man held with ?50,000 in cash at Delhi Airport	A Russia-bound man was arrested at Delhi Airport on Friday for allegedly carrying ?50,000 (nearly ?40 lakh) in an unauthorised manner, a senior official has said. The passenger, identified as Rohit Kumar, was intercepted by CISF personnel after his baggage check revealed a suspicious packet containing five envelopes. The five envelopes contained ?10,000 each.
Probe clears Kanhaiya in anti-India slogans case: Reports	A probe has found that JNU student leader Kanhaiya Kumar did not raise anti-India slogans for which he was charged with sedition last year, according to India Today. Anti-India sloganeering took place in the JNU campus, but Kanhaiya's voice did not match the audio, the reports added. Most of the other slogan shouters were Kashmiri students, the probe added.
Who could succeed Najeeb Jung as Delhi's next Lt Governor?	Following Najeeb Jung's resignation from the post of Delhi's Lieutenant Governor, former Union Home Secretaries Anil Baijal and GK Pillai could be possible replacements, a report said. Former Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi could also bag the post, as per reports. Jung quit 18 months before the end of his tenure but the Centre has not accepted his resignation yet.
Police search for 3 suspicious men in Pathankot, Gurdaspur	The Punjab Police launched a massive search operation on Wednesday in Pathankot and Gurdaspur districts to track down three suspicious men who broke the police barrier in Gurdaspur and then went missing. As per the police, the SUV they were driving was robbed by them from Samba in Jammu. The SUV was later found abandoned.
Maharashtra to introduce cycling tracks in 10 cities	"The Maharashtra government is planning to introduce cycling tracks along the arterial roads of 10 cities including Pune, Nagpur, Nashik, and Latur, reports said. A four-member committee has been constituted for designing the cycling track routes. ""The cycling tracks will not only reduce traffic, but will also considerably lessen environmental pollution,"" a Public Works Department official said."
New Mumbai Airport to take away 250 hectares of forest land	The new airport project in Navi Mumbai will take away 250 hectares of forest land, of which 106 hectares is mangrove cover. Mangrove saplings have been planted across 160 hectares, as they play a crucial role in stabilising coastlines. Rehabilitation of 3,000 families from 12 villages that will be vacated for the airport was also directed.
Tharoor's 'farrago of distortions' quote not original	"British political journalist Mehdi Hasan had used the phrase ""farrago of distortions, misrepresentations..."" while speaking in a debate at the Oxford Union in 2013. The phrase was used by Congress leader Shashi Tharoor to dismiss allegations of him being involved in his wife's death. The use of the phrase by Tharoor had led to several internet memes and jokes."
Rahul doesn't even know where's Manipur on map of India: BJP	"BJP's Assam leader Himanta Biswa Sarma, who quit Congress to join BJP, has said Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi has no political knowledge and doesn't even know where Manipur is on the map of India. ""His comments are based on the lines and statements fed to him by others,"" Sarma said. ""We plan to wrest Tripura from the Left,"" he added.n"
What becomes more expensive after Union Budget 2017?	Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said excise duty on unmanufactured tobacco will be doubled to 8.3% under Union Budget 2017. Other tobacco-related products like cigars, cheroots, pan masala, and cigarettes will also cost more. Prices of items like roasted or salted cashew nuts, circuit boards used in smartphones, and RO membrane elements for household water filters will also increase.
Nintendo admits its cartridge purposely made to taste bitter	"Nintendo has admitted that the cartridges of its Switch gaming console have purposely been made to taste bitter to avoid ""possibility of accidental ingestion."" This comes after a number users complained on Twitter that the cartridges taste bad and wondered if they were toxic. However, Nintendo clarified that the denatonium benzoate bittering agent applied to the SD-sized cartridge is non-toxic."
Police seeks Twitter's help to recover AIB's deleted PM pic	Mumbai Police is seeking Twitter's help to retrieve the now-deleted picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which comedy group AIB had earlier tweeted. As per a senior police officer, Twitter will need to verify if such a post was actually uploaded or not. The police has already registered an FIR against AIB over the picture.
Don?t waste time, no vacancy for PM post till 2024: Paswan	"Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan, whose party LJP is a part of the NDA alliance, has told the Opposition they shouldn't waste their time as there's no vacancy for the Prime Minister's post till 2024. ""People like Nitish, Mulayam and Lalu can never be one. They should stop wasting their time in looking for a prime ministerial candidate,"" he added."
Gurugram building bans use of plastic bags on its premises	Uniworld Garden, a building complex in Gurugram, has banned the use of plastic bags on its premises in order to help protect the environment. Residents welcomed the move saying it will motivate others to shun plastic bags. A notice at the complex warned that selling and keeping plastic is punishable with five years in jail or ?1 lakh fine.
Union Minister accuses Indian team of 'fixing' CT 2017 final	"Union Minister Ramdas Athawale on Saturday said that the Champions Trophy final between India and Pakistan appeared to be ""fixed"" and demanded an inquiry into the matter. ""How could [Indian] cricketers, who played so well in the entire tournament, did not perform in the final ?"" he added. Pakistan defeated India by 180 runs in the final on June 18."
Chinese troops depart for first overseas military base	"Ships carrying Chinese troops are headed to Djibouti to set up China's first overseas military base in an effort to enhance its global reach. The base will be used for peacekeeping and humanitarian aid in Africa and West Asia, China said. However, India believes the base would become another of China's ""string of pearls"" of military alliances and assets."
Akshay Kumar's bodyguard dies in train accident	Manoj Sharma, who was part of actor Akshay Kumar's security team, passed away after getting run over by a train at Mathura junction. He had reportedly tried to get down on the platform from a moving train. His body has been handed over to his family. He was travelling in Karnataka Express from Agra Cantonment station.
Lilly Singh wins Favourite YouTube Star at People's Choice	Indo-Canadian YouTube personality Lilly Singh, also known as Superwoman, was named the Favourite YouTube Star at the 2017 People's Choice Awards in Los Angeles. PewDiePie, Miranda Sings, Shane Dawson and Tyler Oakley were the other nominees in the category. With over 10 million subscribers on YouTube, numerous celebrities including Priyanka Chopra have featured in Lilly's videos.nn
Sania Mirza brings me good luck, says former world number 1	"Former world number one Boris Becker has said Indian tennis player Sania Mirza brings him good luck. ""Every time we are having lunch and she is with her doubles partner, she is winning the tournament. So Sania insisted on all the important tournaments that we have lunch together because I bring her luck and she brings me luck,"" said Becker."
MP ?miracle baby? was buried alive by rape survivor mother	A baby boy, who survived after being buried alive just 10 days after his birth, was put in a grave in Madhya Pradesh by his minor mother who conceived him after rape. The infant was found on July 3 by a tribal couple and the suspected rapist, also a minor, was arrested after the girl was traced in Maharashtra.
Indira Gandhi's name removed from Oxford India Centre	Former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's name has been removed from the Oxford India Centre for Sustainable Development which was named the Indira Gandhi Centre for Sustainable Development at its launch during the tenure of UPA government. The Centre was established by Somerville College in the University of Oxford in 2013 where Indira Gandhi studied Modern History in 1937.
Delhi driver held for masturbating at 33-yr-old German woman	A 32-year-old Delhi driver was arrested for masturbating at a 33-year-old German woman in south Delhi's Greater Kailash II. The woman was walking her dog in the area when she noticed the man staring her. When she walked further, he removed his pants and started masturbating while looking at her. She screamed at him and clicked pictures of his car.
PM Modi meets blind cricket team, calls them an inspiration	The Indian blind cricket team which won the T20 World Cup for the Blind earlier this month met PM Narendra Modi on Tuesday. Modi complimented the team members for their achievement and urged them to do even better in future. The team presented the PM with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with his name on it.
Help innovators take ideas to market: Ratan Tata tells govt	"The government and industry should share the responsibility for creating an environment that fosters innovators and helps them take ideas to the market, Ratan Tata said. ""India has been a country which has created many innovators many of who have to go abroad to fulfil their dreams,"" Tata stated. Start-ups and innovation are terms which connote enormous profits, he added."
Which Indian cities were worst hit by WannaCry malware?	According to cybersecurity company Quick Heal, Kolkata was the worst-hit Indian city by WannaCry ransomware. This was followed by Delhi, Bhubaneshwar, Pune, and Mumbai. The malware was confirmed to have hit offices of West Bengal electricity distribution company that cater to 8 lakh households, Gujarat government's 120 computers, and about 25% of the computer network used by Andhra Pradesh police.
Rape-accused kills self after order to drink victim's urine	A 25-year-old man from Jammu and Kashmir accused of rape committed suicide after the Panchayat directed him to drink urine of the victim. Police said he also recorded an audio clip before killing himself, wherein he claimed of never raping the girl. The Panchayat's initial direction was to compensate the girl's family with money, which the man refused, police added.
Celine's Billboard gown was filled with tissues: Stylist	"Stylist Law Roach has revealed the sleeves of singer Celine Dion's gown at the Billboard Awards were filled with tissues. ""It came in a huge box. The sleeves were packed up with tissue paper - it's a whole thing, for real,"" said Roach. Celine wore a floor-length white gown with a plunging neckline and accentuated shoulder details to the awards."
Pakistan to fence whole border with Afghanistan	The Pakistani Army has said that it will soon begin building a fence along its volatile border with Afghanistan to improve security. Adding that a secure border is in the common interest of both the countries, the Army said that border posts will also be built to enhance defence and surveillance along the frontier. However, Afghan authorities opposed the move.
CISF security at Delhi Airport wins world's best award	The CISF security cover at the Delhi Airport has been rated the best service in the world by quality rating agency World Quality Congress. CISF said keeping a check on criminal activities at the airport and restoring passengers' forgotten items have helped it fetch the award. The WQC will hand over the award to CISF later this week in Mumbai.
50,000 villages in India do not have mobile network	Mobile network has not yet reached as many as 50,000 villages across the country, Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha informed the Lok Sabha on Wednesday. The Minister further added that he has written to all states to inform his ministry as to how many of the villages in their state still do not have a mobile network.
Goa to provide aid to farmers to help take care of old cows	"Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said that the state is planning to provide financial assistance to farmers to help them take care of their old cows. ""The economical viability of maintaining a cow lasts till it gives milk. Once the cow becomes old, it is uneconomical and unaffordable for the farmers,"" Parrikar added."
You can operate when body is healthy: PM Modi on note ban	"Defending demonetisation, PM Narendra Modi has said, ""When can you have an operation? When the body is healthy."" Modi said since the economy was in strong condition, timing of demonetisation was ""the best"". ""I am taking such decisions which are hurting big people and because of that I am going to face problems. I am ready for that,"" he added."
Saudi Prince arrested after videos show him assaulting men	Saudi Arabia's King Salman on Wednesday ordered the arrest of junior Prince Saud bin Musa'id after videos purportedly showing him assaulting two men and pointing a rifle at another emerged online. King Salman also urged citizens to monitor the abuse of power. Notably, one of the videos shows 18 bottles of whisky even though Saudi Arabia forbids alcohol consumption.
Transgender should have option to choose gender: House panel	"A transgender person should have the option to choose either ""man, woman, or transgender"", according to a parliamentary committee's report on The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Bill. Earlier, it was recommended in the Bill that a transgender should be declared as the third gender."
Sasikala paid ?2cr bribe for special jail facilities: Report	The DIG prison D Roopa has written a report wherein she has mentioned that AIADMK chief VK Sasikala had paid prison officials a bribe of ?2 crore to get special treatment in jail. She added that Sasikala has a separate kitchen in the prison, gets a special menu every day, and the food is cooked by special chefs.
Disney announces cast of its Aladdin live-action remake	Disney has announced the cast of its upcoming live-action remake of the 1992 film 'Aladdin'. While actor Mena Massoud will be seen playing the lead role of Aladdin, actress Naomi Scott has been finalised to play Princess Jasmine, Aladdin's love interest. Meanwhile, actor Will Smith will be seen portraying Genie in the film.
Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's son 4 times richer than his father	Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar's son Nishant is four times richer than him according to the details furnished by the CM himself on January 1. As per records, Nitish Kumar has total assets worth ?56.5 lakh as against his son's ?2.37 crore. Bihar CM along with his Cabinet ministers declare their assets on the first day of each year.
SBI asked to refund ?1.29 lakh to woman over stolen ATM card	"Delhi state consumer panel has directed SBI to refund ?1.29 lakh to a customer for not taking effective steps to block her stolen ATM card in 2006. It also imposed cost of ?1 lakh on SBI for filing a ""frivolous"" appeal. It's a case of deficient service as the complainant hasn't received a single penny in 11 years, it noted."
Jat quota agitation: Section 144 imposed across Delhi	Ahead of the Jat agitation on March 20, the Delhi Police on Sunday imposed prohibitory orders under CrPC Section 144 across the city to prevent chaos. Furthermore, the metro train services outside Delhi will also remain closed. The police have also issued a traffic advisory on certain routes and have restricted the entry to Lutyens' Delhi.
Power, water bills will rise, if BJP, Cong win MCD: Kejriwal	"Ahead of the MCD election in Delhi, CM Arvind Kejriwal on Friday said if BJP or Congress wins, the power and water tariff will increase. He further alleged that both BJP and Congress have ""hatched a conspiracy"" to snatch these departments from the Delhi government. Our government has halved power tariff in Delhi and provided free water, he added."
H-1B visas for Indian IT companies won't come down: Minister	"Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said the number of H-1B visas for Indian IT professionals will not come down. ""No need to get panicky... The lottery process is something I suppose they wanted to do a correction on,"" Sitharaman added. The H-1B is a non-immigrant visa that allows US companies to employ foreign workers in specialised fields."
In govt interest to protect jobs at Air India: FM Jaitley	"Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that a ""proper decision"" would be taken on Air India's future and it would be in government's interest to protect jobs at the airline. Noting that the airline has debt of over ?50,000 crore, he said it is ""not small"" and ""now we have to decide what has to be done with Air India""."
Every person living in India is a Hindu: BJP MP from Bihar	"BJP MP from Bihar's Begusarai, Bhola Singh, on Saturday said that every person living in India is a Hindu irrespective of the faith or religion he or she follows. Further, while calling Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath a ""warrior"", he said that the new UP CM has given voice to the country's rich heritage and culture."
It's pay taxes or get out, says Adi Godrej	"Godrej Group Chairman Adi Godrej has said that GST will check tax evasion and reduce unaccounted money in the system, adding that it's now ""pay taxes or get out"". Once the GST framework is in place, things will change for the better, he added. Commenting on demonetisation, Godrej said whenever a government has tried to control things, it has failed."
Man takes pic of Hindu and Muslim praying together at dargah	"A photojournalist from Delhi has shared a picture showing a Hindu and a Muslim praying at Delhi's Hazrat Nizamuddin Auliya Dargah. He posted the picture in a tweet, with the caption ""A Hindu Posture of Praying, right, and a Muslim Posture of Praying, left... at the Sufi Shrine of Hazrat Nizamuddin Auliya in Delhi""."
Delhi Police to get 30 new Army dogs for security	The Delhi Police will reportedly get around 30 sniffer and explosive-detection dogs in a month from the Indian Army Veterinary Corps. The dogs will help police deal with security challenges in the Capital, reports said. Delhi hosts several high-profile events which attract anti-national elements and so security of these venues is a top priority, a police official said.
Faced casting couch only in Malayalam industry: Parvathy	"Actress Parvathy has claimed that casting couch exists in the Malayalam film industry while adding, ""I haven't faced it (issue of casting couch) at all in any other industry."" She further said, ""There was a time when it was expected of me, people asked me very openly, be it actors or directors... That too by seniors in the industry."""
Being objectified is part of my job: Priyanka Chopra	"Actress Priyanka Chopra, in a recent interview, said that being objectified is a part of her profession. She further added, ""I don't get offended by being called a sex symbol, because I'm an actress and it is the nature of what I do."" Priyanka also said that being a sex symbol is not the only thing one should aim for.nn"
TV actress Ankita Lokhande to star in Kangana's Manikarnika	"TV actress Ankita Lokhande will star in the Kangana Ranaut starrer 'Manikarnika: The Queen Of Jhansi'. She'll play Jhalkaribai, a female soldier in Rani Laxmibai's army in the film. ""I'm indebted...for this challenging role in a big-budget film scripted by Baahubali writer...alongside a National Award-winning actress like Kangana, who exudes power and is an inspiration to all women,"" said Ankita."
Indian defence forces to be under US scrutiny, claims CPI(M)	"The CPI(M) has claimed that Indian defence forces would be open to scrutiny and control by America which will make India its junior ally following finalisation of the Major Defense Partner designation. ""The country can see the US side of the deal? but remains ignorant of the Indian commitment as a Major Defense Partner of the US,"" Sitaram Yechury said."
MLA's assets grow 2,406% in 5 yrs, calls it misunderstanding	A Mizoram Congress MLA showed an increase of 2,406% in his assets after being the MLA for five years. In 2008, Lalrobiaka had shown his movable and immovable assets at ?5.81 lakh, while in 2013, he showed his assets at ?1.4 crore. The legislator called it a 'misunderstanding', saying he didn't include details of his ?1 crore residence in 2008.
Dubai recruits world's first robot police officer	The Dubai police have officially inducted the world's first operational robot police officer into the force. The 'robocop' is over 5 feet tall, weighs 100 kg and has a facial recognition software with which it can identify offenders. The robot is capable of speaking six languages and people can use its built-in tablet device to access various police services.
Saudi increases India's Haj quota by biggest margin in 29yrs	Saudi Arabia has increased India's annual Haj quota from 1.36 lakh to 1.70 lakh, biggest such expansion in last 29 years, Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said on Wednesday. The NDA government has started issuing Haj applications from January 2 and also launched the Haj Committee of India mobile application to help pilgrims apply online.
Kejriwal gets bail in false affidavit case	A Delhi court on Saturday granted bail to Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in a case of allegedly giving false information in an affidavit filed in the run up to the 2013 Assembly polls. The case pertains to Kejriwal allegedly giving his Delhi address so as to qualify for contesting polls in Delhi, though he was living in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh.
CAG criticises Indian Railways over dirty linen and blankets	The CAG has criticised Railways over improper cleanliness and management of linen, and suggested putting in place a mechanism to ensure strict compliance to norms. It said the washing and sanitation of linen and blankets are not done as per norms. The CAG added at many storage depots, fresh linen was stored haphazardly and was exposed to dirt and contamination.
Ranchi civic body uses 'Sholay' climax to promote sanitation	"Ranchi Municipal Corporation has used movie Sholay's climax scene in its posters to promote sanitation and toilet construction. Amitabh Bachchan's character can be seen in Dharmendra's arms asking him how he got injured. In response, Bachchan is shown saying, ""I don't have a toilet at home, so I fell down while trying to relieve myself in the night."""
India my country, won't leave: Man cleared of Mumbai blasts	"Abdul Qayyum Sheikh, the only man who was acquitted on Friday of all charges against him in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, on Saturday said, ""I will stay in India, this is my country."" He added that he wants to stay in the country and do business. Notably, he was in jail for the last 10 years."
Lightning kills 19 in UP, Bihar; 26 killed in Assam floods	At least 19 people were killed in different incidents of lightning strikes in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. The most severely hit was Bihar, where 16 people died and two were injured in seven districts due to the strikes. Meanwhile, the death toll in Assam rose to 26 after one more life was claimed by the floods.
Mumbai blasts convict Abu Salem seeks bail to get married	1993 Mumbai serial blasts convict Abu Salem on Monday moved a plea before a Mumbai court seeking temporary bail to get married, reports said. In his application, Salem cited examples of convicts who have been granted bail to get married. The trial court judge has asked the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to file its response to Salem's petition.
Abducted, raped 13-year-old wants to return to her 'husband'	The 13-year-old Delhi girl who was raped after being abducted in May and was rescued by the police recently, has expressed willingness to return to her 'husband', claiming that the 'rapist' had married her. The police said they are clueless about their future course of action because the pregnant minor girl has refused to return to her parents.
Uttar Pradesh once had a CM for just 48 hours	Erstwhile Congress leader Jagdambika Pal, who is currently a BJP MP, once served as the Uttar Pradesh CM for barely 48 hours from February 21 to February 23, 1998. This happened amid the Ayodhya crisis and reservation issue in the state during 1989-2007. The state saw as many as 10 CMs and three phases of President's Rule during this period.
Man dies after falling into pit while digging for sewer line	One out of three labourers died on Monday after they were trapped in an almost 15-20 feet deep pit while digging for a sewer pipeline in Gurugram. Among the other two, one was seriously injured and the other had a narrow escape. Calling it an accident, the authorities have announced a compensation of ?2 lakh for the victim's family.
Kumar Vishwas not to leave AAP, made Rajasthan chief	AAP leader Kumar Vishwas on Wednesday reached a compromise with the party and was appointed as its Rajasthan chief. Further, the Parliamentary Affairs Committee of the party decided to suspend the primary membership of AAP MLA Amanatullah Khan for his derogatory comments against Vishwas. AAP would also form a committee to conduct an inquiry into Khan's statements.
N Korea travel ban to take effect from September 1: US	"The United States on Wednesday announced that the ban prohibiting its citizens from travelling to North Korea will take effect from September 1. ""All United States passports are declared invalid for travel to, in, or through the DPRK unless specially validated for such travel,"" the restriction read. The ban will remain in effect for one year."
Iranian women spark debate by not wearing hijab in cars	An increasing number of women in Iran have been refusing to wear hijab while driving, sparking a nationwide debate about whether a car is a private space. Notably, Iranian women are obliged to wear hijabs in public. However, President Hassan Rouhani has argued that people's private space should be respected, opposing a crackdown on women who do not wear hijab.
Man carries daughter's body on trolley as van arrives late	A man in Odisha's Puri area carried the dead body of his daughter on a trolley from a hospital as the mortuary vehicle failed to arrive on time. The man had taken his daughter to the hospital after she complained of chest pain, but the doctors declared her dead. The district administration has ordered a probe into the matter.
Ex-Prez Bush's daughters write letter to Obama sisters	Barbara Bush and Jenna Bush Hager, twin daughters of former US President George Bush have written an open letter to the outgoing 'First Children' Malia and Sasha Obama. The letter advises them to enjoy life as they would not be under public scrutiny and criticism anymore. It also asked them to never forget people who worked at the White House.
We have another Gandhi in PM Narendra Modi: Culture Minister	"Union Minister Mahesh Sharma on Thursday said, ""Today among us, we are fortunate to have another Gandhiji in the form of our Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is like an inspiration."" He added, ""He (PM) started with the promise that the glow of freedom would reach every person in the country. His dream is to fulfil the dreams of Gandhiji."""
Amla could be last SA player to play 100 Tests: Du Plessis	South Africa's Test captain Faf du Plessis has said his teammate Hashim Amla could be the last cricketer to play 100 Test matches for the Proteas. Du Plessis added that the game has evolved and players will not play for long as there is much more cricket now. Amla is set to play his 100th Test on Thursday.
Our Benaras is older than history: PM Modi quotes Mark Twain	"Quoting writer Mark Twain in Varanasi on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, ""'Our Benaras is older than history, older than tradition."" ""It is my dream to bring the whole country forward, including Purvanchal. If we do so, it won't take long for us to progress,"" Modi added. The leader also reiterated his slogan of 'Sabka saath, sabka vikas'."
Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated on this day	"Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated on January 30, 1948, during a prayer meeting at Delhi?s Birla House. He was shot thrice by Nathuram Godse. ""If I'm to die by the bullet of a mad man, I must do so smiling. God must be in my heart and on my lips,"" Gandhi had reportedly said two days before his assassination."
Salman has an aura, love around him; he's incredible: Kaif	"Actress Katrina Kaif has said that actor Salman Khan has a certain kind of aura and love around him, and added that he's an incredible person. She added that Salman is a strong example for people to look up to. Speaking about working with him on 'Tiger Zinda Hai', she said, ""That's a special set as Salman is there."""
World's largest aircraft completes test flight	Airlander 10, the largest aircraft in the world, has successfully completed its test flight in the UK. Dubbed the 'flying bum' over its appearance, the 92-metre-long helium-filled airship can fly at altitudes of 6,100 metres. The ?210-crore aircraft, which completed its third flight, is capable of staying airborne for five days during manned flights and two weeks during unmanned flights.
Mufti govt opposes creation of minority commission in J&K	"Mehbooba Mufti-led BJP-PDP government has opposed the creation of a minority commission in Jammu and Kashmir. ""In the absence of a minority commission, the benefits exclusively meant for the minority communities are being given away to the majority Muslim community,"" a PIL filed in the Supreme Court had stated. Several states, UTs haven't set up minority commission, said the government."
Malala Yousafzai chosen as UN Messenger of Peace	UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres has selected Malala Yousafzai as a UN Messenger of Peace, the highest honour bestowed by the UN chief on a global citizen. UN spokesperson Stephane Dujarric on Friday announced that Malala would focus on promoting girls' education worldwide. Malala, also the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner, will be officially designated at a ceremony on Monday.
National kabaddi player face rape threats over caste hatred	"A national-level kabaddi and wrestling player has reportedly been receiving rape threats by locals of her own village in Bihar over caste-based hatred. The girl said, ""They (the locals) say if backward caste girls start to play sports then what will girls from upper caste do."" Reportedly, she also went to the police but they did not take any action."
Afghan national, with heroin capsules in stomach, arrested	An Afghan national, who had swallowed 57 heroin-filled capsules worth ?2 crore, fell unconscious at Delhi Airport and was later arrested. The man was going back to Afghanistan after being unable to sell any drugs in Delhi. He was offloaded by the airline when he felt unwell and was sent to the hospital, where the capsules were taken out.
BMC Mayor will be from Shiv Sena: Uddhav Thackeray	After emerging as the single largest party in the recently concluded BMC election, Shiv Sena supremo on Thursday said the Mayor will be from his party. He further went on to say that not only the Mayor but the next CM of Maharashtra will also be from Shiv Sena. Thackeray, however, refused to comment on any possibility of an alliance.
Deepika Padukone's dress fifth most googled Met Gala outfit	Actress Deepika Padukone's white satin gown by Tommy Hilfiger was the fifth most googled outfit from the Met Gala event this year. Model Kendall Jenner's outfit by La Perla topped the list while Bella Hadid's jumpsuit by Alexander Wang came second. Meanwhile, Katy Perry's outfit from Maison Margiela came third and Blake Lively's gown by Atelier Versace came fourth.
Airtel misleading, discriminating against users, accuses Jio	Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio has alleged that Bharti Airtel is violating tariff rules by issuing misleading offers and arbitrarily discriminating among its own customers subscribing to the same plan. Jio has demanded highest penalty for Airtel stating two of its plans are being marketed in a misleading manner. It also sought a direction to Airtel to immediately withdraw an offer.
Students 'forced to offer namaz' at a school in Haryana	Two boys at a school in Haryana's Mewat were allegedly forced to recite the Quran and adopt Islam. This was revealed in their application asking for a transfer and school leaving certificate. An enquiry was set up in the matter which revealed that along with the teachers, some fellow students also forced them to offer namaz with them.
Women sacrificing love for parents common in India, says SC	A Supreme Court bench has said that women sacrificing their love for parents is common in India. The bench was setting aside the life sentence of a man who had made a suicide pact with a woman after secretly marrying her in 1995. The woman's suicide bid was successful, while the man survived and was convicted for her murder.
Anurag Thakur's sacking a victory for cricket: Justice Lodha	"Justice RM Lodha, who chaired the Supreme Court-appointed Lodha Panel, has hailed the apex court's decision of sacking BCCI President Anurag Thakur and Secretary Ajay Shirke as a victory for cricket. ""Administrators will come and go and I am sure the game will flourish,"" Lodha said after calling the court's decision a logical consequence."
World's cheapest phone Freedom 251 maker's MD quits	"Noida-based company, which claims its phone Freedom 251 is the world's cheapest, Ringing Bells' MD Mohit Goel has quit weeks after the company confirmed his wife and CEO Dharna Goel's resignation. Earlier this month, Ringing Bells rubbished the reports of its shutdown. ""Anmol Goel, one of the founder directors, is looking after the company affairs,"" said a company spokesperson."
7 held for converting old notes into new in Bengaluru	The Bengaluru Police on Tuesday arrested seven people, including a hawala operator, for converting demonetised notes into new currency. The police have also recovered ?93 lakh in new currency from the middlemen after multiple government agency raids. Further, the CBI has also registered cases against the officials of four Karnataka banks on charges of converting old notes into new ones.
Funny how one wrong word can screw your career: Tiger	"Tiger Shroff, who was criticised for referring to his co-stars as ""padding"", said that he made the remark very casually, while adding, ""It's so funny how using one wrong word can screw up your career."" Tiger further said that he is not a sexist or racist person. He added, ""I don't get under people's skin or pick up unnecessary fights."""
Sheena Bora case: Rahul Mukerjea defends dad Peter Mukerjea	"In the latest update in Sheena Bora murder case, Rahul Mukerjea, son of accused Peter Mukerjea, in an open letter has defended his father, stating the latter wasn't aware of the crime. ""Indrani had introduced Sheena and Mikhail as her siblings to everyone?Peter was clearly not involved, nor was he aware of any crime allegedly perpetrated by Indrani,"" he added.n"
Delhi Metro stations to get digital walls for video ads	"Delhi Metro stations will soon get 'digital walls? to play video advertisements without the audio, an official said. ? [O]nly a pen drive will be needed [then] to put ads,"" he added. Such walls of 12x6 feet size have already been installed at the ITO station but stations like Rajiv Chowk will reportedly have walls as large as 16x8 feet."
20 held for lynching Kashmir cop near mosque	The Jammu and Kashmir Police on Monday said it had arrested 20 people accused in the lynching of DSP Mohammad Ayub Pandith outside a mosque over a month ago. The police added that one accused was killed in an encounter with security forces earlier this month. Reportedly, the police have also recovered an iron rod used to hit Pandith.
Kapil Sharma to donate his eyes after meeting Blind T20 team	"Television show host Kapil Sharma has announced that he will donate his eyes after he met the team members of India's Blind T20 team. The team defeated Pakistan to win T20 World Cup for the Blind on February 12. ""If someone can see the world with my eyes when I'm gone, I will feel very good about it,"" said Kapil."
CBI files case against Maha bank manager for currency fraud	The CBI has filed a case against the manager of Vaidyanath Urban Cooperative Bank's branch in Maharashtra's Pimpri-Chinchwad area over currency fraud, reports said. Six others were booked in connection for fraudulently transporting ?25 crore in demonetised currency from the bank's head office in Beed to the Ghatkopar branch to change it into legal tender.
New poster of 'Baahubali 2' featuring Prabhas released	A new poster of the upcoming epic historical fiction film 'Baahubali: The Conclusion' featuring actor Prabhas has been released. The film is the continuation of 'Baahubali: The Beginning'. The poster shows Prabhas standing on top of an elephant. He will reprise the titular character of 'Baahubali'. Directed by SS Rajamouli, the film is scheduled to release on April 28.
UP government to hire 1,000 doctors on contract basis	UP Health Minister Sidharth Nath Singh announced on Tuesday that the cabinet has decided to recruit 1,000 doctors including 500 specialists on a contract for one year. Incentives and contract extension will depend upon doctors' performance, he added. In a cabinet meeting, chaired by CM Yogi Adityanath, transfer policy was also finalised for doctors already employed in state hospitals.
Accused in Munirka murders held, victim's severed head found	The police on Tuesday arrested the alleged mastermind, Arjun Thapa, in the Munirka double murder from Agra. His interrogation also led to the recovery of the severed head of one of the two women, whose body was found earlier. A love triangle, a possible sex racket, and Thapa's greed for money were the reasons behind the murders, police said.
EC transfers Chennai commissioner ahead of RK Nagar by-polls	The Election Commission has transferred Chennai Police Commissioner Sebastian George out of the city ahead of the by-polls in former CM Jayalalithaa's constituency RK Nagar. This comes after the opposition DMK told the poll panel that George might act in a way that favoured the ruling party. The RK Nagar by-polls are scheduled for April 12.
India's first lingerie vending machine to come up in Mumbai	Welspun Group heiress Radhika Goenka is set to start her own line of women's innerwear later this month, which will install fully functional lingerie vending machines in India starting from Mumbai. The vending machines will be stocked with pre-packaged lingerie products in multiple styles and sizes. Consumers will be able to purchase lingerie with just one click through these machines.
Female labourer who turned arms supplier arrested in Delhi	The Delhi Police on Saturday arrested a 45-year-old woman for supplying illegal weapons and recovered fourteen semi-automatic sophisticated pistols with magazines from her possession. A mother of five children, the accused had started supplying illegal arms after she was unable to meet her basic needs as a farm labourer. She was arrested based on a tip-off before an arms delivery.
'China must not give political colour to India's NSG bid'	"Foreign Secretary S Jaishankar has asked China not to give a political colour to India's aspiration to join the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG). ""Keeping in mind...solidarity of major developing states, it is important that China views this as a developmental aspiration,"" he said. Despite both countries facing terrorism, they weren't cooperating as effectively as they should, Jaishankar added."
Let's sort it face to face like men: Hamilton to Vettel	"Following the Formula One crash between Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel, Hamilton said, ""If he (Vettel) wants to prove that he's a man, I think he should do it out of the car face to face."" Hamilton said that Vettel had disgraced himself by deliberately driving into his car at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix on Sunday."
Gurugram police station gets play area for kids	"The Gurugram police station has transformed two rooms into a play area to ensure that children who accompany adults are not affected by their surroundings. ""The play area is meant to provide a friendly environment, which engages them and lets them relax,"" said an official. The same rooms will also double as a creche for children of police personnel. n"
No-fly rules tilted in favour of airlines, say passengers	"Air travellers have voiced concerns over 'lopsided' measures in the no-fly list for unruly passengers and demanded airlines should also be held accountable for crew's misbehaviour. ""We have received at least 25 suggestions on the website and social media. Passengers have asked for a balanced rule,"" an official said. Earlier, the government released draft rules for a national no-fly list."
Hollywood sign to get more security after New Year's prank	"The Hollywood Sign Trust, the non-profit organisation that oversees maintenance for the 'Hollywood' sign in Los Angeles, is looking to improve its security after a prankster turned the sign to 'Hollyweed'. ""This is more than preventing pranks or trespassing at the sign. Our concern is the safety of the neighbourhood and the trespassers,"" said the Chairman of the trust."
Chinese agents bar access to 'free' wife of Nobel laureate	Journalists were barred access to the wife of recently deceased Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo by Chinese agents. Earlier, Chinese authorities had said Liu Xia, who has been under effective house arrest since her husband won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010, was free to leave the country if she wishes. Xiaobo died of liver cancer earlier this month.
Kerala HC quotes Bob Dylan on petition against liquor ban	"In a ruling over a petition challenging liquor prohibition in the state, the Kerala High Court quoted Nobel laureate Bob Dylan's popular song 'The Times They Are a-Changin' while dismissing the plea. Adding that what is socially unacceptable may not be so tomorrow, the court asked the petitioner to have hope as ""the times they are a-changing."""
70k tax workers to wear black bands to protest GST decisions	About 70,000 tax officers in India will wear black bands at work on Monday, on Martyrs' Day, to protest recent GST Council decisions. The basic structure of GST scheme is being compromised, which may lead to utmost chaos, associations said. Notably, the council agreed to give states power to administer 90% of taxpayers under ?1.5 crore annual turnover, among others.
No doubt we made errors in our execution: Snapdeal Founders	"The Snapdeal Founders have written an email to employees explaining the layoffs of around 600 people. ""Did we make errors in our execution? No doubt about that. Over the last 2-3 years, with all the capital coming..., our entire industry, including ourselves, started making mistakes."" ""All of us starting with myself and Rohit, are to blame for it,"" it added."
Trudeau mentions Grand Slam win, Modi says 'game set match'	"Tagging Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Friday re-tweeted a post about Indian tennis player Rohan Bopanna and Canadian player Gabriela Dabrowski. The two had won the mixed doubles title at the French Open. Modi replied, ""India & Canada is an ace partnership, advantageous to both nations, beneficial for the world. Game, set and match always."""
Donald Trump calls for transparent Mexico border wall	US President Donald Trump on Wednesday said that his proposed wall along the US-Mexico border will need to be transparent so that people on the US side do not get hit by massive sacks of drugs being tossed over it. Trump earlier proposed attaching solar panels, saying the panels would provide cheap energy to pay for the wall.
Gang-rape did take place in Murthal during Jat protest: HC	The Punjab and Haryana High Court on Thursday observed that going by the statements of two witnesses and the clothes laced with semen found at the site, it's evident that gang-rape was committed at Murthal last year during Jat quota agitation. The court also ordered the Haryana government-constituted Special Investigation Team to investigate and identify the victims and perpetrators.
US police reward Indian-origin man robbed while saving woman	"Police in the US have rewarded an Indian-origin man who was robbed while saving his colleague's life. Thirty-four-year-old Anil Vannavalli was waiting for a train when his 26-year-old colleague Madhuri Recherla fainted and fell onto the tracks. Someone stole his backpack while he was rescuing Recherla, and the police called the robbery ""disgusting"" and gifted him $1,000 (over ?64,000)."
He's a big boy, it's his thinking: Jackie on RGV Leone tweet	"Actor Jackie Shroff, while responding to filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma's tweet on Women's Day regarding actress Sunny Leone, said that Varma is a big boy and the tweet reflects his thinking. He added, ""He knows what he's talking about...But I will not say such a thing about a lady."" Varma had apologised after being called sexist for his tweet."
WB govt to enter liquor distribution business: Reports	According to reports, the Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government has decided to enter the liquor distribution business amid a revenue crunch faced by the government. A government-owned corporation will distribute Indian-made foreign liquor and country liquor across the state. Notably, the state government has allowed bars in three-star hotels and above to serve liquor for 365 days in a year.
Clinics charging ?1 come up at 14 railway stations in Mumbai	The Central Railway in collaboration with a private organisation has established 24X7 'One Rupee Clinics' at 14 different stations in Mumbai, Maharashtra, that will charge ?1 to provide medical services. The clinics have been set up after the Bombay High Court ordered the Railways to do so citing lack of prompt medical help in case of accidents on railway tracks.
I don't take FIFA team rankings too seriously: Sunil Chhetri	"Talking about his preference for winning matches over world rankings, Indian football team captain Sunil Chhetri said he does not take FIFA national team rankings too seriously. India achieved their second-best rank ever of 96 earlier this month. ""If after three years we are still in the top 100, I think that will be a massive achievement,"" Chhetri added."
Man tries to open emergency door of plane mid-air	A man tried to open the emergency door of an Air Asia flight from Delhi to Ranchi minutes before landing. The 32-year-old passenger identified as Aftab Ahmed also injured a few passengers and crew members when they tried to stop him. Ahmed, a resident of Ranchi, was handed over to the police at Ranchi after the flight landed safely.
16 private Noida schools get notice over empty RTE quota	As many as 16 private schools in Noida were sent notices for failing to initiate admission process for underprivileged children under the Right to Education Act. The notices were sent based on complaints that schools had been demanding money for admission and were denying admissions. Under RTE, private schools are mandated to offer 25% seats to underprivileged children for free.
If you want to ban Jallikattu, ban biryani too: Kamal Haasan	"Defending the game of Jallikattu, currently banned in Tamil Nadu, actor Kamal Haasan on Monday said, ""If you want a ban on Jallikattu, let's also ban biryani."" Earlier, Haasan had said that Jallikattu mustn't be confused with bull-fighting in Spain as in Spain, people hurt the bull and it would die but in Tamil Nadu bulls are treated like God."
Delhi?s Tihar Jail prisoners publish monthly newspapers	The Tihar Jail prisoners in Delhi have reportedly launched a series of monthly newspapers, with each newspaper having a circulation of around 100 copies in prison and official circles. While two sub-jails have published their newspapers, the remaining seven are awaiting clearances. One of the four pages of each newspaper is dedicated to covering monthly events at the sub-jails.
Foreigners can now book train tickets 360 days in advance	The Indian Railways has decided to allow foreigners to book train tickets 360 days in advance, extended from the current 120 days. However, they can book tickets only in first AC, second AC and executive class of mail express trains, Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Gatimaan and Tejas trains. A service charge of ?200 per ticket will be levied while booking.
Kejriwal is a cunning, ambitious fraud like Modi: Katju	"Slamming Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and PM Narendra Modi, retired Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju said, ""Kejriwal is a cunning ambitious fraud with nothing in his head, and no different from that fraud Modi."" He further said, ""Many people are still under illusions about him (Kejriwal), but the time will come when their eyes will be opened to the truth."""
Florida sinkhole swallows 2 houses and a boat	"A sinkhole swallowed two houses and a boat in Florida, United States. Police said they were called after someone noticed a depression had formed under a boat parked outside a house, and ""the hole opened up"" within minutes. The residents had left for work, and firefighters managed to rescue two dogs and retrieve some belongings. nn"
Over 6k infants died due to malnutrition in Maha in 5 months	Maharashtra Health Minister Deepak Sawant on Friday said as many as 6148 infants died due to malnutrition in the state between April 2016 and August 2016. He further said that 881 mothers died between April 2016 to November 2016. In September, the National Human Rights Commission had sent a notice to the Maharashtra government over malnutrition deaths in tribal belt.
Gurugram museum to showcase an antique Kolkata tram	The Heritage Transport Museum in Gurugram will showcase one of the 12 antique Kolkata trams that were put on sale by the West Bengal State Transport Corporation. The first tram has been sold to a Chandigarh bidder, who reportedly wants to refurbish it into a restaurant. The wooden tram, no longer in working order, would be restored before getting displayed.
Teams to not lose DRS review on 'umpire's call' in LBWs	The ICC's Chief Executives' Committee has approved the recommendations made by the council's cricket committee, following which teams will not lose their DRS reviews on an 'umpire's call' verdict in LBWs. Additionally, the 80-over top-up of reviews in Test cricket has been removed, while DRS will now also be available in T20Is. The new regulations will be effective October 1.
HC orders seizure of EVMs used in Uttarakhand's Vikasnagar	The Uttarakhand High Court on Thursday ordered the seizure of all EVMs used in Vikasnagar constituency during Assembly elections, as requested by Congress leader Navprabhat in a petition alleging EVM tampering. The HC also sought a response in this regard from the Election Commission, the state Election Commission, and the BJP's Vikasnagar MLA MS Chauhan within six weeks.
Kapil replies to fan's query on Sunil returning to the show	"Comedian Kapil Sharma, while responding to a fan's query about Sunil Grover returning to his show, tweeted, ""Jab b unka dil kare...I told him many times."" Sunil hasn't shot for the show after he and Kapil were involved in a brawl on a flight in March. Kapil reportedly physically assaulted Sunil and threw a shoe at him."
Delhi govt to test 35,000 students for learning disability	Around 35,000 students in Delhi government schools will be tested for learning disabilities and will be provided with special learning support, reports said. This comes after a government campaign found that these students were able to identify only alphabets despite having cleared Class V. The initiative is aimed at preventing the possibility of neglect of such children in schools.
5 liquor smugglers, 3 drug peddlers arrested in Ghaziabad	The Ghaziabad Police on Sunday said they have arrested five persons for smuggling liquor and three persons for alleged drug peddling over the past week during raids conducted in the city. The police recovered 304 cartons of liquor during routine checking drives and also seized nine kilograms of marijuana from the drug peddlers.
Thieves loot Mumbai jewellery store by drilling hole in wall	A group of thieves allegedly robbed a jewellery store in Mumbai by drilling a hole in its wall from a vacant store next door, police officials said on Monday. The robbers stole ?8.5 lakh worth of jewellery and left behind ?20 lakh worth of gold kept in an iron safe. Police are probing if the robbery was an inside job.
Mary Kom given AIBA Legends award by int'l boxing body	Five-time world champion and Olympic bronze medalist MC Mary Kom was given the AIBA Legends award by the International Boxing Federation (AIBA) at the body's 70th anniversary in Montreux, Switzerland, on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Asian Games' bronze medalist Vikas Krishan Yadav was awarded the AIBA Pro Boxing Best Boxer trophy. Vikas had competed in two pro boxing bouts this year.
Leak reveals how Facebook deals with controversial content	"Over 100 documents obtained by The Guardian reveal how Facebook tackles controversial content like sex, revenge porn, violence, death videos and abuse on its platform. While remarks like ""Someone shoot Trump"" are deleted, the remark ""Let's beat up fat kids"" is allowed. Facebook allows livestream of self-harm attempts because it ""doesn't want to censor people in distress,"" the documents said."
Pak Railways runs Santa train to spread message of peace	"Pakistan Railways is running a special 'Santa Train' to send out the message of interfaith harmony, peace and tolerance. The Christmas-themed train decorated with lights and mock snowmen will be running from Islamabad to Peshawar and then Lahore. ""This is a sign of tolerance, everybody will celebrate Christmas together,"" said Minister of Human Rights Kamran Michael. n"
Man falls in love with sex worker, rescues her from brothel	A man rescued a 27-year-old sex worker from a brothel in Delhi's GB Road after falling in love with her. He said they have been together since he visited her as a customer two years ago. He wants to marry the girl, who came to India seeking employment after the 2015 Nepal earthquake, but was tricked into prostitution.
PMO asks Home Ministry for report on food provided to jawans	"The Prime Minister's Office has sought a report from the Home Ministry on the allegations made by a BSF jawan on the quality of food provided to them in a video. ""It's our responsibility to think about the welfare of our jawans. We have to check everything carefully. We take this issue very seriously,"" MoS for Home Kiren Rijiju said."
Mumbai woman posts video of man masturbating at her	A Mumbai woman, who was allegedly laughed off by authorities for complaining about a man masturbating at her in a local train, has shared the incident's video. In the video, she captured the accused, Ashok Pradhan, masturbating while looking at her. The video also shows a constable, who came to the compartment with her, asking her to sit elsewhere.
Director apologises to Tamannaah for his sexist comments	"Tamil filmmaker G Suraj has apologised to Tamannaah and all industry heroines for his alleged sexist remarks. ""If we're paying good money to watch a film, we... expect Tamannaah to be completely glamorous,"" Suraj had said. He added he'd instruct his costume designer to shorten the heroine's clothes. Actresses Tamannaah and Nayanthara had slammed the director for his comments.nnnn"
Suspected LeT operative arrested from Mumbai Airport	A suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative named Salim Mukim Khan, who hails from Uttar Pradesh and was absconding from the past nine years, was arrested from Mumbai Airport. The operation to arrest Khan, who is wanted since 2008, was carried out jointly by the Uttar Pradesh ATS and Maharashtra ATS. Khan is currently being interrogated in Mumbai.
Rotten system needs to be changed: Rajinikanth on politics	"Amid speculation of joining politics, superstar Rajinikanth said, ""What do we do when the system is rotten, democracy has deteriorated. This system needs to be changed."" He further said, ""I've my profession, my job. I've some responsibilities and you have your jobs. Go back to your respective places and do your job. Let's meet when it's time for the war."""
Clash bound to happen: Akshay on same day release with SRK	"Actor Akshay Kumar has said that a clash is bound to happen, when asked about the same release date for his film Toilet: Ek Prem Katha and Shah Rukh Khan's yet untitled film with Imtiaz Ali. ""Tell me a guy who doesn't have a clash? Clash is going to happen. There are 180 films that release every year,"" added Akshay."
Jeweller arrested for selling ?100 crore gold to fake buyers	Officers of the Central Crime Station, Hyderabad have arrested a director of Musaddilal Jewellers for allegedly selling gold worth ?100 crore to fictitious customers. The jeweller used fake names and fake addresses on the bills, according to reports. The arrest was made after the Income Tax department lodged a complaint alleging fraud by the jeweller.
Roger Federer becomes oldest Wimbledon finalist in 43 years	Thirty-five-year-old Roger Federer has become the oldest men's singles Wimbledon finalist since 1974, after defeating Czech tennis player Tomas Berdych 7-6, 7-6, 6-4 in the semi-final on Friday. Federer, who has not dropped a single set in Wimbledon 2017, has reached his career's 11th Wimbledon final. Federer will face first-time Wimbledon finalist Marin Cilic in the final on Sunday.
Accuracy of umpiring decisions rose to 98.5% post DRS: ICC	ICC Chief Executive David Richardson has revealed that the ICC Panel of Umpires' usage of the Decision Review System (DRS) has enabled them to attain an accuracy rate of 98.5%. Richardson further revealed a round of deliberations will happen during the first half of this year to work out a strategy for the inclusion of cricket in the Olympic Games.
We are hopeful we?ll convince Vishwas: Kejriwal	"Amid the ongoing rift in the Aam Aadmi Party, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and Deputy CM Manish Sisodia visited party leader Kumar Vishwas's residence in Ghaziabad on Tuesday night and asserted they are hopeful they will convince Vishwas. ""He is an inseparable part of our movement. He is upset with us,"" said the AAP Convenor."
Revenue share is 'starving' grassroots: Cricket Australia	"Cricket Australia Chief James Sutherland believes the revenue-share model which the body is trying to include in its ongoing pay negotiations with players is ""starving"" cricket's grassroots in the nation. Australian players may go on a strike if the negotiations over a new five-year pay deal for country's international and state cricketers cannot be resolved by the end of June."
One killed as Swift Dzire tries to overtake Lamborghini	An accident on the Noida Expressway on Saturday killed one person, after a Swift Dzire attempted to overtake a Lamborghini. The incident, caught on CCTV, shows the Dzire intercepting the lane in which the Lamborghini was driving. Following the interception, the Lamborghini steered to the other side, hitting an Eeco, which toppled and landed outside the expressway, killing the driver.
Amul is a bigger brand than Hindustan Unilever, says MD	Amul is a bigger brand than rival Hindustan Unilever (HUL), Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation's Managing Director RS Sodhi said on Saturday. The sales turnover of Amul is over ?38,000 crore, including GCMMF's revenue of ?27,000 crore, Sodhi stated. Amul, owned by GCMMF, is sold by 18,000 village cooperative societies outside the formal distribution channel in Gujarat, he added.
Former Greece goalkeeper mentoring refugee football team	Former Greece goalkeeper Antonis Nikopolidis is mentoring a football team of refugees named Hope, called Elpida in Greek. UEFA, the governing body for soccer in Europe, has awarded grants to assist refugees in 15 countries, with some of Greece's share sponsoring Hope. The team, consisting of players who fled Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Afghanistan, compete in amateur leagues on Sundays.
Chinese man caught with 1,000 diamonds hidden in shoes	"A Chinese man has been caught trying to smuggle more than 1,000 diamonds into Shenzhen from  Hong Kong by hiding them in his shoes. ""[We were] suspicious as he sometimes tiptoed. When he found that we were looking at him, he quickly shifted to normal walking posture,"" said a customs officer. He was then asked to take his shoes off."
Brenda Hale appointed UK Supreme Court's first female Prez	The Deputy President of the UK Supreme Court, Brenda Hale, will be elevated to the position of the court's President in October, making her the first female to head UK's highest court. Hale, who joined the Supreme Court in 2009, will earn £225,000 a year as the President. She had earlier served as a counsel to Queen Elizabeth.
Jimmy Kimmel talks about his newborn baby's illness	"American television host Jimmy Kimmel shared details about his son, nicknamed Billy, who was recently born with a heart defect. Billy underwent a successful surgery and will have another open-heart operation within six months. Talking about availability of life-saving healthcare for families, Kimmel added, ""No parent should ever have to decide if they can afford to save their child's life."""
Only 5% chance of Earth reaching Paris climate goal: Study	According to a recently published US-based research, there is only a 5% chance that Earth will avoid warming by at least 2°C by 2100, the threshold set in the Paris climate agreement. The research studied global trends in the economy, emissions and population growth, and further stated that there is 1% chance that temperatures will rise by less than 1.5°C.
SC appoints 9-judge bench to decide on Right to Privacy	While hearing petitions challenging Aadhaar, the Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed a 9-judge bench to decide whether privacy is a fundamental right or not under the Constitution. While the government has been pushing for Aadhaar citing that it would ensure subsidy schemes reach the targeted, activists claim that it is vulnerable to data breaches and helps government spy on people.
E-application for driver licences doubles in a day in Delhi	The number of applications for driving licences in Delhi doubled within a day, after the online mode for the payment of fees was reintroduced. As per reports, the number of daily applications for driving licences stood at around 300 till December 24, and it shot up to over 700 on December 26, the next working day.
Data against corrupt people on CVC's portal deleted: Report	As per an India Today report, the hard disk of Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) portal crashed on November 28 and the data stored online until that date has been lost as it was not backed up. One of those cases which got deleted pertains to alleged corruption in National Textile Corporation under the Textiles Ministry, now headed by Smriti Irani.
Air India plane grounded after being hit by catering van	An Air India flight was grounded after a catering van hit the door of an aircraft at Delhi Airport on Sunday morning, according to reports. Air India officials assessing the damage said the loss will run into lakhs. The flight was delayed by an hour, while the airport driving permit of the van's driver was seized.
Kapil is one of the biggest talents I have seen: Mithun	"Mithun Chakraborty has said comedian Kapil Sharma is one of the biggest talents he has seen in his career. Talking about Krushna and Kapil who are often pitched as competitors, he added, ""I have no idea about it. But I feel no one should compare. His (Kapil's) show is huge, it will take time (for Krushna's show) to reach there."""
Pak Twitter user trolled for sharing pic captioned 'SRK who'	"A Pakistani Twitter user was trolled after tweeting a picture of Pakistani cricket captain Sarfaraz Ahmed waving to a crowd, captioned, ""SRK who?"" A user commented, ""SRK- he whose films have more crowd than this.. that too in theatres in Karachi, Islamabad & rest of Pakistan."" ""Never Underestimate Papa,"" read another tweet accompanied by Shah Rukh's pictures waving to fans. n"
Family robbed of jewellery worth ?10L on Yamuna Expressway	A family was allegedly robbed of jewellery worth ?10 lakh by armed men on the Yamuna Expressway during the early hours on Monday. Some men threw metal objects on the road which burst the tyre of the car, and as the victim stepped out,  four men armed with a country-made pistol surrounded him and robbed his family, the police said.
Modi is illegal not the red beacon on my car: Kolkata Imam	"Reiterating that he will not remove the red beacon on his car, Kolkata's Tipu Sultan mosque's Imam Maulana Noor-ur Rahman Barkati has said, ""Modi is illegal not the red beacon on my car"". ""No one has the guts to remove my red beacon. It's been with us for hundreds of years?Don't try disturbing Muslims in Bengal,"" he said."
Maharashtra tops the list of fresh GST registrations	Maharashtra has topped the list for the maximum number of applications for fresh registration under Goods and Services Tax with over 1.3 lakh applications. Maharashtra is followed by Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh with 90,000 and 87,000 registrations, respectively. According to Goods and Services Tax Network's Chairman, over 10 lakh applications from across the country have been received so far.
India's first underwater metro to come up in Kolkata	West Bengal's capital Kolkata will get India's first underwater metro system, which will pass through the Hooghly river. One of the two tunnels has been completed and is built 30 metres below the earth's surface, near the Howrah Bridge. Notably, this is the first time in India that a tunnel has been made under a flowing river.
Pak-origin London Bridge terrorist buried in secret: Report	The Pakistani-origin terrorist behind the London Bridge terror attack, Khuram Butt, has reportedly been buried in secret without any rites or mourners after a number of UK cemeteries refused to accept the body. Butt masterminded the June attack in which he drove a van into pedestrians and stabbed people with a knife, killing eight and injuring 48 others.
Indian Army to allow women in combat roles: Army Chief	Army Chief General Bipin Rawat has said women will soon be inducted in combat roles in the Army, the process for which has started. Currently, women are only allowed in medical, legal, educational, signals and engineering wings of the Army. Most countries do not allow women in combat roles, with USA, UK and Germany being among the few who do.
India seeks consular access to Jadhav for 15th time	India has made the 15th appeal for consular access to former Indian Naval officer Kulbhushan Jadhav, who was given a death sentence for spying in Pakistan. India had also sought access to the trial proceedings and the appeal process. Notably, India is yet to receive the chargesheet against Jadhav and a copy of the judgement.
Lok Sabha passes bill to give more autonomy to IIMs	"The Lok Sabha on Friday passed the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Bill, 2017 that aims at giving B-schools more autonomy and will allow them to grant degrees. The IIM Bill pushes for the declaration of 20 existing IIMs as institutions of national importance. ""It is difficult to run IIMs from here (New Delhi),"" HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar said."
Newborn declared dead by hospital found alive before burial	A newborn was declared dead by doctors in a hospital in Telangana but was found alive before being buried on Sunday. The parents noticed some movement after the hospital had declared the infant dead and immediately visited the hospital for treatment. However, the baby was declared dead after a few hours of treatment.
Jinder Mahal beats Randy Orton to retain WWE championship	"Indian wrestler Jinder Mahal defeated 14-time WWE champion Randy Orton to retain his WWE Championship at Smackdown's Money in the Bank event on Sunday. ""I'm not even entering my prime and that's a scary scary thought. I'm only getting better every week,"" the 30-year-old wrestler said, and claimed that he is the hardest working man in the entire WWE."
2cr copies of PM's hand-written letters to mark 3yrs of govt	Around 2 crore copies of letters hand-written by PM Narendra Modi and 10 crore SMSes will be sent to people detailing the work of the government, to mark three years of the BJP government on 26 May 2017. The celebrations will be held for 21 days across 900 cities. The festival has been titled 'MODI - Maker Of Developed India'.
Diaper that alerts when it needs to be changed developed	Japanese scientists have developed a urine-powered sensor that can alert caregivers when a diaper is wet. It took the scientists five years to develop a flexible embeddable battery and urine sensor for diaper. The setup contains a battery attached to capacitor that stores generated electricity and a transmitter which can beam signal to a receiver up to 16 feet away.
Tarantino to direct film on Manson Family murders: Report	As per reports, filmmaker Quentin Tarantino is set to direct a film on the Manson Family murders. The yet-to-be titled project has also been reportedly written by Tarantino, who is known for films like Pulp Fiction and Inglourious Basterds. It is being said that Brad Pitt and Jennifer Lawrence have been approached for the film.
Canada PM Trudeau slammed over indigenous politician comment	"Canadian PM Justin Trudeau was slammed after he explained why he had fought an indigenous politician in a boxing match in 2012. Trudeau recalled in an interview that he decided to fight politician Patrick Brazeau since it was ""the right story to tell"". ""So 'privileged white guy beats up Indian' was the 'right kind of narrative?' Seriously?"", a user tweeted."
'SRK not content till scene right, Salman one-take guy'	"Nawazuddin Siddiqui, while speaking about his experience on working with Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan, said that SRK is not content till the scene is right while Salman is a one-take guy. ""Working with SRK feels like working with an 'actor',"" he added. ""Salman does a scene once and he's not going to do it again,"" Nawazuddin further revealed."
Focus on your work, don't worry about chair: Stalin to TN CM	"DMK working president MK Stalin on Saturday advised Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam to quit worrying about his post and concentrate on governance instead. ""AIADMK head is only worried about removing the CM and coming to that position. As the officers can't work under Panneerselvam without AIADMK head's nod, the state machinery has come to a halt,"" Stalin said."
Younger generation needs to be daring, says Infosys' Murthy	"To transform India's economy, it is essential for the younger generation to be daring and that India is integrated with the global economy, Infosys Co-founder Narayana Murthy has said. Further, he said there is a need to reduce ""friction"" in businesses and create an ""environment"" wherein the government has more trust in its entrepreneurs."
1st Google Tango camera phone launches in India at ?29,999	Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, the first phone with Google's augmented reality camera, has been launched in India at ?29,999. Through its depth-sensing Google Tango camera, the phone can map out physical spaces, track its own position in a room, and follow objects. Powered by a Snapdragon 652 processor, the 6.4-inch phone has 4 GB RAM and 4,050 mAh battery.
Gold was the highest smuggled item in 2015-16	Gold continued to be the highest smuggled contraband seized by central agencies across the country in 2015-16, according to Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) data. The all-India value of gold seizure was ?795.5 crore during this period, it added. Further, the seizure of narcotics was highest in 2015-16, compared to the previous three financial years.
Vogue 125th anniversary cover slammed for lack of diversity	Social media users have criticised the cover of the 125th-anniversary issue of fashion magazine 'Vogue' for an alleged lack of diversity. The cover has featured only one plus-size model, Ashley Graham. Readers have also accused 'Vogue' of featuring only light to medium skin-toned models. Further, it has been slammed for reportedly photoshopping Gigi Hadid's arm to cover Graham's torso.
Kerala suffered ?1,000 crore tourism loss post note ban	The Kerala government on Tuesday said the state's tourism sector registered a loss of about ?1,000 crore post the demonetisation drive by the Centre. The number of foreign tourists visiting the state decreased by 10-15% while the number of domestic tourists dipped by 20-30%. The fall is in contrast to the increase in the numbers before demonetisation, the government added.
Former BJP MLA Vijay Jolly booked on rape charges	Former Delhi BJP MLA Vijay Jolly has been booked for rape after a woman alleged that he sexually assaulted her, police said on Thursday. The Delhi-based woman accused the former legislator of spiking her drink before sexually assaulting her in a Gurugram resort. Jolly had also filed a police complaint against the woman accusing her of blackmailing and extortion.
A German man is paid to taste water	German water expert Martin Riese works as a water sommelier and is paid to taste water for Patina Restaurant Group in California. Riese, who has been drinking water professionally since 2005, is known to be the only certified 'Water Sommelier' in America. He also organises water tastings and classes to teach people how to identify different kinds of water.
Death penalty belongs to medieval ages: Gopalkrishna Gandhi	"Opposition's Vice Presidential candidate and Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Gopalkrishna Gandhi on Tuesday expressed his stand against death penalty and capital punishments calling them as medieval practices. Gandhi said, ""Death penalty is wrong and this is my principle."" Notably, Shiv Sena criticised him for a letter he wrote to the President in 2015, seeking clemency for a 1993 Mumbai blasts accused."
Kapil Mishra assaulted by AAP MLAs inside Delhi Assembly	Sacked Delhi minister Kapil Mishra was on Wednesday assaulted by Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLAs inside the Assembly as he tried to raise slogans against Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and Health Minister Satyendar Jain. Mishra alleged that the assault was ordered by Kejriwal, and dared the AAP convener to come out clean on the allegations levelled against him.
Women beat up molesters with slippers in Gurugram	A group of women working at a pub in Gurugram beat up around a dozen men making obscene gestures at them outside a mall at night. The men approached two of the women, and tried to pull one of them towards the car they came in. They fled after the women took off their slippers and beat them up.
Shane Warne was guilty of accepting bookie's money, drug use	Former Australian cricketer Shane Warne, along with teammate Mark Waugh, was found guilty of accepting money from a bookmaker in 1994 in exchange of leaking information. The leg-spinner was also banned from international cricket for a year for failing a drug test before the 2003 World Cup. Warne later claimed the drug was given by his mother for weight loss.
2016 is India's most successful year in Test cricket history	The Indian team registered nine wins out of the 12 Tests it played in 2016, making it the most successful year in India's 84-year Test history. India's previous best year was 2010 when it won eight of the 14 Tests it played. India is also the only Test team to remain unbeaten this year, drawing the remaining three Tests.
"PMO paid IAF ?89L for PM's 128 ""non-official"" trips: RTI"	"According to an RTI reply, Prime Minister's Office has paid around ?89 lakh to Indian Air Force for flying Narendra Modi on 128 ""non-official"" domestic trips since he took office. The rates for these flights were last revised 1999, which makes them cheaper to travel in than the commercial flights. The trips were majorly taken by PM to election-bound states."
Congress turned Devbhoomi of Uttarakhand to loot-bhoomi: PM	"While addressing a rally in Uttarakhand, PM Narendra Modi highlighted the corruptness of Congress and said that it turned the state from a ""Devbhoomi"" to a ""loot-bhoomi"". The appointed people lost no opportunity to make personal gains and were caught on camera, he added. Modi was referring to a sting operation, which showed CM Harish Rawat offering bribes to MLAs."
Semi-paralysed man digs out motorable road in three years	Sasi Gangadharan, a semi-paralysed man from Kerala has dug out a motorable road all by himself. He has carved out a kaccha road measuring 200-meter, working 6 hours daily for the past three years. The panchayat had earlier turned down his request for a three-wheeler to set up a small business, stating there is no motorable road till his house.
Hackers post pro-Pak slogans on Noida university website	The official website of Noida's Galgotias University was hacked on Tuesday and pro-Pakistan slogans were posted on its home page. The website, which remained hacked for an hour-and-a-half, had hate messages and slogans such as 'Pakistan Zindabad', 'ISI Zindabad' and 'India Banee gaa PAKISTAN'. The issue was resolved internally and the website was restored by the university's IT cell.
Alert in Pathankot after bag containing Army uniforms found	A high alert has been sounded in Pathankot after a suspicious bag containing Army uniforms was found near Mamun military station on Sunday night. The three uniforms recovered from the bag have 'Jammu' written over them. A search operation is being conducted by the Army and Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) team.
Pic of Ranbir from sets of Sanjay Dutt biopic shared online	A photograph of actor Ranbir Kapoor from the sets of the upcoming biopic on actor Sanjay Dutt has been shared online. Ranbir can be seen with long hair and is dressed in a shirt with a waistcoat and black trousers in the picture. Ranbir has reportedly gained 13 kilograms to portray Dutt in the film.
15-yr-old Delhi girl found locked inside house for 2 yrs	A 15-year-old girl was locked inside a house in east Delhi's Krishna Nagar locality for two years by her mother. The matter came to light after a neighbour informed the Delhi police, who raided the house and rescued the girl. The girl's mother reportedly used to visit the house only in the evening to bring food for the girl.
Be practical: HC to people against cutting trees for Metro	"The Bombay High Court today asked all people opposing the destruction of mangroves for Metro rail project to be practical. ""There was a need for Metro. The traffic in Mumbai is becoming bad to worse,"" the HC said. ""Metro should've been in Mumbai 30 years ago. You (the government) are doing it 30 years later,"" it added."
Advocate moves court to get 'LLB' dropped from 'Jolly LLB 2'	Advocate Ajaykumar S Waghmare has filed a petition at the Bombay High Court, asking that the word 'LLB' should be deleted from the title of Akshay Kumar's 'Jolly LLB 2'. He stated that it is an attempt to malign the reputation of the legal profession. He further said the trailer shows the characters playing cards and dancing in court premises.
If there's electricity on Ramzan, it must be on Diwali: Modi	"Stating that there should be no prejudice on the basis of religion or caste, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, ""If there is electricity during Ramzan, there should be electricity during Diwali too."" Modi attacked the Samajwadi Party- Congress alliance, saying, ""the Samajwadi Party thought they are already sinking, so they joined hands with Congress to sink together."""
Merit in politics getting compromised by caste: K'taka Min	Answering a question about how ministries are allocated in a government, Karnataka Minister RV Deshpande said that merit in politics is getting compromised by caste and loyalty to party leaders. Adding that increased competition between states has led to greater transparency, he said that in the post-liberalisation era it is difficult for red-tapism to go undetected.
We have moved on, says Shastri on fight with Ganguly	"Newly appointed India coach Ravi Shastri has said both he and Sourav Ganguly have moved on from their alleged spat last year, after Shastri was rejected for the coaching role. Speaking on his interview this year, Shastri said, ""There were good questions asked...We are two former captains...Everyone is not on the same page all the time. But there's mutual respect."""
World no. 3 Wawrinka ousted by Wimbledon debutant in 1st Rd	World number three tennis player, Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka, crashed out of the Wimbledon in the first round after suffering a 4-6, 6-3, 4-6, 1-6 defeat against 21-year-old debutant Russia's Daniil Medvedev. Defending champion Andy Murray, who is currently ranked world number one, and Spanish star Rafael Nadal also won their respective first round matchups.
I'd rather die than accept jailbird's puppet as CM: Katju	"Reacting on the recent political scenario in Tamil Nadu, former Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju wrote in a Facebook post that he would rather be dead than accept a jailbird's puppet as Chief Minister. ""I am no longer a Tamizhan. I refuse to be a member of the people who don't mind living in disgrace and dishonour,"" he added."
Over 13,000 pollution cases filed in Beijing in 2016	Beijing filed 13,127 environmental protection cases in 2016 and collected fines worth ¥150 million (around ?147.8 crore), China's environmental officials said on Wednesday. Out of the total cases, 10,184 cases were recorded for pollution from mobile emission sources and fines for ¥142 million (around ?140 crore) were collected for fixed pollution emission sources, according to reports.
BJP leader moves EC against Mayawati for 'caste politics'	BJP leader Neeraj Saxena has moved the Election Commission against BSP chief Mayawati, accusing her of seeking votes in the name of caste, and demanded that BSP should be debarred from elections. This comes after Supreme Court directed that politicians cannot seek votes in the name of caste, language or religion. Saxena further demanded an FIR for violating SC's directives.
?47-crore package approved for drinking water in Bundelkhand	The UP government on Sunday approved a ?47-crore package to ensure immediate availability of drinking water in the parched Bundelkhand region. Bundelkhand was continuously ignored in the last 15 years and no steps had been taken to ensure the holistic development of the region, said UP CM Yogi Adityanath.
Lt Governor fires one bullet at me every day: Kejriwal	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has alleged that Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal ""fires one bullet at me"" daily. Further, Kejriwal said ""the firing"" has intensified ahead of the Delhi civic body's polls. His remarks come in the wake of Baijal ordering recovery of ?97 crore from the AAP which was ""splurged"" on advertisements and cancellation of office allotment to the party."
Reports of depression among IT employees exaggerated: Pai	Reports of job insecurity leading to high levels of anxiety and depression among IT professionals in India are baseless and exaggerated, former Infosys director Mohandas Pai said. He said such reports are based on a few events and there are attempts to blow them up. Pai further dismissed the forecast that six lakh jobs could be slashed over three years.
Madhya Pradesh witnesses suicides of 21 farmers in 2 weeks	"With four more farmers killing themselves in last 24 hours in Madhya Pradesh allegedly distressed over debts, the state has witnessed a total of 21 farmer suicides in the last two weeks. Reacting to the situation, senior Congress leader Kamal Nath said, ""The farmers were being forced to end their lives due to the anti-farmer policies of the BJP government."""
Man tipped as China's next president faces corruption probe	Top Communist Party of China politician Sun Zhengcai, who was considered a potential successor to President Xi Jinping, is reportedly being investigated for corruption by his party. The probe against Zhengcai, who was recently ejected from his role as Party's Secretary for Chongqing city, eliminates him from the contest to become China's next President.
Comedian, AAP leader Bhagwant Mann loses to Sukhbir Badal	Comedian-turned-politician and AAP leader Bhagwant Mann lost to Punjab Deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal by 18,500 votes. The Shiromani Akali Dal leader won over 75,000 votes while Mann could manage just around 56,000 votes. Sukhbir Singh's father and outgoing CM Parkash Singh Badal defeated Congress' Chief Ministerial candidate Captain Amarinder Singh from the Lambi seat.
First look of Big B, Rishi Kapoor from upcoming film out	The first look of Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor from the upcoming comedy film '102 Not Out' has been unveiled. Amitabh will be seen playing a 102-year-old man while Rishi will play his 75-year-old son in the film. It will revolve around Bachchan's character who is trying to break the record of being the oldest man alive in the world.
Gurugram flyover work delayed due to high tension wires	The construction of Gurugram's Iffco Chowk flyover has reportedly been delayed due to the presence of high tension electricity wires along the Delhi-Gurugram Expressway. The National Highways Authority of India officials said that Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam failed to give permission to move the overhead high tension wires, even though it was earlier agreed upon by the two organisations.
Govt has scrapped 1,200 laws for startups: NITI Aayog CEO	"NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant has said the government has scrapped around 1,200 complex laws for easy registration of startups to encourage entrepreneurs. ""Today one can register a company in a day and for an MSME, it takes around five minutes to register,"" he added. Kant also explained that entrepreneurship has to be promoted to create wealth in India."
Cops rescue woman, daughter locked up in house for 4 years	Delhi police has rescued a woman and her daughter, who had been locked up in their house for the last four years. An official said both of them were mentally unstable, undernourished, and weighed less than 25 kg. The matter came to light when a resident in the locality informed the cops that the duo had been forcefully locked up.
40 inmates who helped Sasikala transferred from B'luru jail	Nearly forty prisoners who were suspected of helping AIADMK chief Sasikala in Bengaluru Central Jail have been transferred to Bellary Jail. This comes after DIG Prisons D Roopa alleged that Sasikala paid ?2 crore bribe to Bengaluru jail officials in return for special treatment inside the jail. Currently, Sasikala is serving a four-year sentence in a disproportionate assets case.
Ram Temple should be constructed in legal manner: Amit Shah	"BJP National President Amit Shah said on Saturday that the Ram Temple in Ayodhya should be constructed in a legal manner. ""The party?s stand is clear and mentioned in the last four Lok Sabha election manifestos. The temple should be constructed in a legal manner and there should be mutual dialogue,"" he said during his visit to Uttar Pradesh."
People say they loved my films, then ask my name: Pankaj	"Actor Pankaj Tripathi has said that people come and tell him that they loved his films and then ask him his name. ""Naam mein kya hai? People can forget your name, but if you excel at what you do, at least someone will remember you,"" added Pankaj. He is known for his films like 'Gangs of Wasseypur', 'Fukrey', among others.nn"
Sad getting linked to Sohail who I consider my brother: Huma	Actress Huma Qureshi has said that it is sad getting linked to actor Sohail Khan who she considers her brother. She added that such rumours are unpleasant and ugly. Huma further said that she tries not to let these rumours get to her. Earlier, there were reports that Sohail and wife Seema Khan's marriage was in trouble because of Huma.
Corruption evidence against Modi bullet-proof: Rahul Gandhi	"As per reports, Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday said to his party MPs at a special briefing that the corruption evidence he has against PM Narendra Modi is 'bullet-proof' and 'solid'. Claiming that he has gone through the evidence thoroughly and it is unimpeachable, Gandhi added, ""Whenever it becomes public, it will have the effect of a political earthquake."""
News on private FM could threaten national security: Centre	"The Centre has apprised the Supreme Court that it could not grant permission to private FM community radio service operators to broadcast news content as it could threaten national security. ""Several anti-national radical elements within the country and also from abroad could misuse it for propagating their agenda,"" the Centre has stated."
Who is Harish Salve, lawyer representing India against Pak?	Senior lawyer Harish Salve, who charged ?1 for representing India at ICJ, is one of the most expensive lawyers in the country. His fee for an appearance in the Supreme Court or High Courts ranges between ?6-?15 lakh. Salve's clients include Salman Khan and Mukesh Ambani. He also appeared in the Bilkis Bano case at National Human Rights Commission's request.
No interference in Jayalalithaa's treatment: Apollo Hospital	"Apollo Hospitals on Tuesday said that there was ""no interference"" in the medical treatment given to former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and that they are ready to face any probe. This comes after several political parties have demanded a detailed probe into the treatment given to Jayalalithaa and the circumstances that led to her hospitalisation."
Man gets ?70,000 in place of ?3,500 from ATM in Rajasthan	A man mistakenly received ?70,000 instead of ?3,500 from a Bank of Baroda ATM in Rajasthan's Tonk town on Tuesday. Around 10 people are believed to have received extra cash from the ATM, which an official said, was malfunctioning after ?2,000 notes were stored in ?100 notes slot. The ATM dispensed ?6.76 lakh cash before it was shut down.
ISIS terrorists trying to enter Mumbai through sea: Report	"The Indian Coast Guard has reportedly alerted the police and other intelligence agencies that 3-4 Islamic State terrorists are trying to enter the city through the sea route. ""We are taking all necessary precautions and getting details about the suspects from the information provided to us,"" a senior police official reportedly said."
Kargil was India's first televised war	Kargil was India's first televised war that enabled people across the country to see what was happening on the battlefield. The number of viewers crossed over 20 lakh per broadcast during the course of time. Notably, on July 26, 1999, Indian Army succeeded in reclaiming all posts in Kargil region from Pakistan, which is now yearly celebrated as Vijay Diwas.
Man googles how to kill self, jumps off Mumbai Sea Link	A 24-year-old businessman allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the Bandra-Worli Sea Link in Mumbai at 3 AM on Sunday. A police officer said Pawanjeet Singh Kohli had been depressed since he heard the news of his former girlfriend's engagement and had googled the fastest way to kill himself. However, police officers have filed an accidental death report.
Donald Trump forces out his top White House aide	"US President Donald Trump has forced out his White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and named the Homeland Security Secretary, General John Kelly, as the replacement. This comes after Trump's new Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci slammed Priebus as a ""fu**ing paranoid schizophrenic"". Priebus has reportedly claimed that he resigned privately on Thursday."
Smriti Irani shares an old picture with husband	"Union Minister Smriti Irani reposted an old picture of herself with her husband Zubin Irani on Instagram with the caption, ""Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love...the things you are, the things you never want to lose - The Wonder Years."" The picture, posted on Thursday, has received more than 10,300 likes."
Woman seeking divorce from husband who wears sari, makeup	"A woman from Bengaluru, Karnataka has filed a police complaint as she was fed up of seeing her husband dressed up in sari and wearing makeup. The woman is also seeking divorce from her husband. The couple had an arranged marriage a year ago. ""Our marriage was not consummated due to impotency and congenital defects,"" said the woman."
Mehbooba Mufti claims Chinese interference in J&K unrest	"J&K Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti on Saturday blamed external forces for creating unrest in the state and said, ""There is infiltration, militants are coming from outside...Unfortunately, even China has started interfering."" Mufti's comments came after her meeting with Home Minister Rajnath Singh after the terror attack in which eight Amarnath pilgrims were killed."
Man accused of laundering over $4 bn in Bitcoin arrested	A Russian man suspected of laundering at least $4 billion in digital currency Bitcoin has been arrested in Greece on Wednesday. The accused, Alexander Vinnik was described as the operator of BTC-e, an exchange used to trade Bitcoin since 2011, by US officials. Vinnik reportedly laundered the money for people involved in crimes like computer hacking and drug trafficking.
Govt body seals 70 shops over property tax dues in Gurugram	"The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram on Thursday sealed 70 shops of a building in Sector 74 after the owners reportedly didn't pay property tax. ""Despite tax defaulters being issued multiple notices, many have failed to pay up. The sealing serves as a warning before the auctioning,"" said an official. MCG is expected to auction over 500 properties from August 8."
South Africa's Tsotsobe handed 8-yr ban for match fixing	"Cricket South Africa has handed an eight-year ban to pacer Lonwabo Tsotsobe for his part in a 2015 match-fixing scandal. Six other South African players had been banned earlier for two to 20 years for being a part of the scandal. ""I was, at the time, in a very vulnerable financial state,"" Tsotsobe revealed in a statement."
Sehwag sang Kishore Kumar's songs during his 219: Raina	Virender Sehwag sang Kishore Kumar's songs while scoring a career-best 219 against West Indies in an ODI in 2011, Suresh Raina, who was at the non-striker's end had revealed after the match. Sehwag's 219, the then-highest individual ODI score, included 25 boundaries and seven sixes. Sehwag is the only player to score a double century as captain in ODIs.
Just one bad day for India: Anil Kumble defends the team	"Speaking about India's performance on Day 2 of the Pune Test, coach Anil Kumble said, ""You are bound to have one bad day. It was disappointing."" ""We were in a decent position when Rahul and Ajinkya were batting. But once Rahul got out, we lost those four wickets in five or six balls. That certainly pushed us back,"" Kumble added."
Punjab CM Amarinder Singh's mother passes away	Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh's mother Mohinder Kaur passed away aged 94 on Monday at her residence in Patiala after a prolonged illness. She was the last designated queen of the estate ruled by the Phulkian dynasty. Her last rites will be conducted on Tuesday morning, according to reports.
Himachal temple unveils 1,600 kg butter idol	An idol of Goddess Brajeshwari Devi made of 1,600 kilogram of clarified butter was unveiled at the Brajeshwari Devi temple in Himachal Pradesh on Sunday morning. The butter idol would be removed on January 20 and its 'prasad' would be distributed among the devotees. The idol is installed every year to mark the festival of Makar Sankranti.
GST implementation is an epic blunder like note ban: Mamata	"West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday said that the central government's GST implementation is an epic blunder like demonetisation. ""Our repeated suggestions to take some more time to properly implement GST have fallen on deaf ears,"" Mamata said. ""Only 60 hours are left before this ill-planned launch and no one knows for sure what's happening,"" she added."
Man on hunger strike for SBC quota marries at protest site	"A 26-year-old who has been sitting on an indefinite hunger strike for nearly 10 days for Special Backward Classes quota got married at the protest site in Rajasthan. Devraj Gujjar continued with his ""fast unto death"" after the rituals while his wife left with her in-laws. Meanwhile, his wife said she would join him if the demands were not met."
I think Donald Trump is in love with me: Schwarzenegger	Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger has said that he thinks US President Donald Trump is in love with him. Schwarzenegger made this comment on a radio show, when he was asked as to why Trump is fixated on him. Earlier, Schwarzenegger had announced that he would not return as the host of 'The Celebrity Apprentice', which was previously produced by Trump Productions.
Pakistan to release 439 Indian fishermen: Report	Pakistan will be releasing 439 Indian fishermen and will send them back to India in two batches, a Pakistani peace activists group said on Friday. It added that discussions must be held to release the fishing boats as they are the only source of fishermen's livelihood. This comes amid a complete halt in bilateral talks between India and Pakistan.
Ayodhya issue cannot be resolved by talks: Mulayam	Samajwadi Party Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav has ruled out the possibility of resolution of Ayodhya temple issue through mutual dialogue. Yadav asserted that a court decision will be obligatory to all and will be accepted with relative ease, whereas more dialogue will only spark further tensions. Yadav also expressed regret over firing on Kar Sevaks in Ayodhya during his tenure.
Every home in Bihar's Patwa Toli has at least 1 engineer	Every home in the Patwa Toli village in Bihar's Gaya district has at least one engineer, with 20 people qualifying for IITs this year. The village, otherwise known for its weaving industry, has around 800 students currently in engineering colleges. Around 180 students from the village have qualified so far for IITs, with a single family having seven IITians.
Kapil's a great comedian, he makes entire India laugh: Sunil	At a recent event, comedian Sunil Grover said that Kapil Sharma is a great comedian who makes entire India laugh. This comes after Kapil shouted at Sunil on a flight in March and reportedly threw a shoe at him. While Kapil apologised on Twitter, Sunil has stopped shooting for 'The Kapil Sharma Show' following the incident.nn
A Kerala temple has 'Judge Uncle' deity for legal issues	'Judge Uncle' is the presiding deity at the Devi temple in Kerala, and locals believe the judge saves 'innocents' trapped in legal hassles. Eighteenth-century judge Govinda Pillai, known for impartial judgements, had wrongly sentenced his nephew to death. Pillai ordered his own death for the error, and his soul is believed to be confined in a 'stone' at the shrine.
Want to explore my bisexuality after split: Dakota Johnson	"Hollywood actress Dakota Johnson, known for playing 'Anastasia Steele' in the 'Fifty Shades' film series said she wants to explore her bisexuality following her split from model-singer Matthew Hitt. ""S**t happens,"" she said while speaking about the split. Dakota added, ""I think I'm a little bit heartbroken all the time, even when I'm in a happy relationship""."
Non-veg food to be unavailable in Greater Noida for a week	Uttar Pradesh Police on Wednesday asked local vendors and restaurant owners in Greater Noida not to prepare or serve non-vegetarian food for a week during the period of Kanwar Yatra. Reportedly, the police have taken this decision because the number of pilgrims returning from Haridwar has increased this year and they only prefer vegetarian food.
Inclusion shows in every meeting, starting with me: Nadella	"Microsoft's India-born CEO Satya Nadella while talking about the importance of diversity and inclusion at a recent event said inclusion at his company shows up in every meeting, starting with him. ""Microsoft has to look like everyone and every organisation in the world,"" said Nadella. ""Inclusion is a cultural piece we all have to work on every day,"" he added."
My finances had nothing to do with Robert's: Priyanka Gandhi	Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi Vadra has said her finances had nothing to do with those of her husband Robert Vadra's or his company Skylight Hospitality which is under Haryana government's scanner. Earlier, a query was made to Robert asking whether a portion of the money he had received from the DLF was used by Priyanka to buy properties in Faridabad.
Pak court orders seizure of Opp'n leader Imran Khan's assets	An Anti-Terrorism Court in Pakistan has ordered the seizure of properties belonging to Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf Chairman and Opposition leader Imran Khan for failing to appear in hearings of terrorism cases registered against him. Earlier, the court had issued perpetual warrants of arrest against Khan over violence in a case related to an attack on a senior police officer in 2014.
Only 0.2% of over 1L complaints against Delhi Police probed	The annual report of Delhi Police released on Monday revealed that over 1.12 lakh complaints were received by its anti-corruption helpline against police personnel and only 307 of these cases were investigated. It makes up only 0.27% of the total complaints received. The complaints allege corruption among personnel, inaction over FIRs and rude behaviour by the police.
Gurugram apartment fixes potholes after civic body refuses	Residents of Gurugram's Fresco Apartments spent ?1.5 lakh of their money to fix potholes on the road leading to the residential complex after the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram allegedly refused to fix them. The apartments' resident welfare society reportedly conducted a survey where 70% of the residents opted for voluntarily contributing ?1,000 to fix the road.
Priyanka plans to bring Dwayne Johnson, Zac Efron to India	"Actress Priyanka Chopra has revealed that she plans to bring her 'Baywatch' co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron to India. ""[W]e are doing a big promotional thing around the world and they know how important India is to me... I always tell them India is an experience and you have to be there at least a month,"" she said."
RJD?leader close to Shahabuddin shot dead in Bihar	A youth leader of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), Minhaj Khan, a close aide of controversial former MP Mohammad Shahabuddin, was shot dead by unidentified gunmen on Saturday. Khan was asleep at his house when gunmen opened fire at him around 3 am. Khan?s family members have accused criminal Raju Khan and his accomplices of plotting the murder.
Police question 2 MLAs in Malayalam actress abduction case	The Kerala police on Monday questioned Congress MLA Anwar Sadath and CPI-M MLA-actor Mukesh in connection to the Malayalam actress abduction case. Anwar was asked about his connections with actor Dileep, who was arrested last week on charges of criminal conspiracy.  Mukesh was questioned by the police as Pulsar Suni, the prime accused, was his driver for a year.
Karnataka High Court calls demonetisation laudable	"While dismissing a petition against demonetisation, Karnataka High Court termed it as a ""laudable"" measure to tackle fake currency notes, black money and terrorism. ""In the larger interests of the society, when a comprehensive mission is being accomplished, certain regulatory measures during the period of transition are bound to affect the interests of some sections of people,"" the court said."
I bow to the 125 crore citizens of this great nation: Kovind	"President Ram Nath Kovind on Tuesday said in a speech that ""nation building requires national pride"", adding ""each citizen of India is a nation builder"". He talked about the various professionals of India, and how they act as nation builders. He also said that India has believed in the philosophy of ""Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam - the World is My Family""."
You cannot copyright a character: 'Rangoon' makers	"Responding to a petition claiming that Kangana Ranaut's character in 'Rangoon' is based on Australian stunt actor Mary Evans, popularly known as 'Fearless Nadia', the makers have said that one cannot copyright a character in India. ""It's like calling Hema Malini the 'dream girl'... Now one cannot have a copyright over dream girl,"" said an advocate."
Trucks dumping debris on wetlands seized in Mumbai	Mumbai Police on Saturday seized ten trucks and an excavator machine for allegedly dumping debris at a 400-acre wetland area in Andheri. Twelve people have been detained for the alleged environment violation and were fined ?60,000, police officials said. The dumping of debris has reportedly destroyed a two-acre patch at the wetland.
Gangster makes threat call from jail, two arrested	Gurugram police on Wednesday arrested a policeman and a jail convict for allegedly getting a gangster to make a threatening phone call on June 27 from Bhondsi jail. A police official said that the inmate sought help of the gangster to threaten his rival over a property dispute and a policeman was involved in making this happen.
Corruption, terrorism flourishing post note ban: Yechury	"CPI(M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury on Tuesday alleged that corruption, black money and terrorism have flourished post demonetisation. ""Six months on, still no data on how much money in old currency notes has returned to the system,"" he said. ""Government has let the big fish ? bank loan defaulters ? off and ruined India's informal economy,"" he added."
Ex-Arunachal CM Pul's wife withdraws petition from SC	"Former Arunachal Pradesh CM Kalikho Pul's wife Dangwimsai Pul on Thursday withdrew her Supreme Court petition seeking a CBI-probe into the allegations made in his purported suicide note. She said she did not want the court to decide her matter as that ""will lead to closure of other remedies"". Notably, Pul was found hanging at his official residence in August."
Kulbhushan bigger terrorist than Kasab: Pervez Musharraf	"Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has said that India's Kulbhushan Jadhav is a bigger terrorist than Ajmal Kasab, who was executed by India for 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. Claiming that Kasab was just a 'pawn', Musharraf added, ""I don't even know how many people's deaths Jadhav is responsible for."" He further said that India did wrong to approach the ICJ."
PCB reserves ?60 crore for legal action against BCCI	Pakistan Cricket Board has reserved over ?60 crore to bear the legal costs of filing compensation claim against the BCCI in the ICC disputes resolution committee. PCB chairman Shahrayar Khan said that the board had no option but to seek compensation from BCCI for not playing any bilateral series with Pakistan despite a MoU signed between the boards.
Link-up rumours with Katrina are ridiculous: Aditya	"Actor Aditya Roy Kapur has said that the link-up rumours with actress Katrina Kaif are ridiculous. ""Sometimes, you go for dinner with a friend and things get blown out of proportion... It's like you can't go to a friend's house without being linked to her,"" he added. He further said that he does not want to overthink on these rumours."
Will defeat Badal by a margin of 1 lakh votes: Bhagwant Mann	"AAP leader Bhagwant Mann on Saturday asserted that he will defeat Punjab Deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal by a margin of one lakh votes in the Assembly polls. Casting his vote, he accused former Canadian lawmaker Ruby Dhalla of campaigning for Badal. ""She is a Canadian, how she can canvass in the election. The EC should...cancel her visa,"" Mann said."
BMC polls: Shiv Sena's tally rises to 87 as 3 join party	Shiv Sena's tally in recently concluded BMC election rose to 87 on Friday as three independent councillors, who had earlier parted ways with the party, returned to its fold. However, Sena is still short of 27 councillors to touch the halfway mark of 114 seats. This came amid reports that Sena has approached Congress for a post-poll alliance.
Wanted to quit earlier, but Modi asked me to continue: Jung	Delhi's Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung, who tendered his resignation on Thursday, has said that he had offered to quit earlier but went on following the insistence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Moreover, in his brief resignation statement, Jung had thanked Modi for his help and cooperation. Further, Jung reportedly said he would also like to write a book.
8 JNU students suspended for disrupting council meeting	"Eight JNU students have been suspended for ""disrupting"" an academic council meeting held on Monday, as per reports. This comes amid the academic council approving a UGC notification, making entrance test for PhD and MPhil as only a ""qualifying"" criterion. The students' suspension will continue till a committee, set up on Tuesday to investigate the matter, submits its findings."
Protestors pelt stones at police outside Ghaziabad Haj House	Nearly 500 protestors pelted stones at the police outside Ghaziabad's Ala Hazrat Haj House and demanded that the facility be opened to pilgrims immediately. The Haj House, which is located along the Hindon river, has remained sealed since its inauguration last year after a petition was filed against it at the National Green Tribunal.
Dhoni gives tips to J&K players after playing against them	"MS Dhoni shared tips with cricketers from Jammu and Kashmir after playing against them in the Vijay Hazare Trophy on Monday. Dhoni, leading Jharkhand, was requested by India teammate and J&K skipper Parvez Rasool to interact with the boys. ""I told him few youngsters want to meet him for five minutes and within no time he obliged us,"" said Rasool."
Mumbai man held for stealing 200 trophies from sports shop	"The Mumbai Police on Monday arrested a 28-year-old drug-addict for stealing 200 trophies from a sports shop in Kalbadevi. The accused said he sneaked into the shop to steal money but stole trophies instead ""as there wasn't any money"", according to police officials. He was arrested the day after the robbery before he could sell the trophies, police added."
Beyonce, Jay Z to perform at Obama's farewell party: Reports	According to reports, singers Beyonce and her husband Jay Z will be performing at the farewell party of the Obamas.  Usher, Bradley Cooper,  Oprah Winfrey and Samuel L Jackson will also be reportedly present at the event. Chance the Rapper has already confirmed his presence through Twitter. There has been no official confirmation on the guest list yet.
Katrina Kaif practises stunts for Tiger Zinda Hai	Pictures of actress Katrina Kaif practising stunts for the upcoming film 'Tiger Zinda Hai' have surfaced online. The pictures show Katrina wielding a gun and practising with swords. Reports suggest that stunt coordinators who have previously worked in Hollywood films like 'The Dark Knight Rises' are training Katrina for the action sequences.
Gurugram engineering student jumps to death from 11th floor	A 22-year-old engineering student allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the terrace of the 11-storey Uniworld City building in Gurugram on Friday evening. Police officials said they did not find a suicide note and added that his body was handed over to his family after post-mortem. Reports suggested that the victim suffered from depression.
Indian official does 'Namaskar' to Pak diplomat's handshake	Indian diplomat Deepak Mittal, refused to shake hands with Pakistan DG Mohammad Faisal, at the International Court of Justice after Kulbhushan Jadhav's hearing on Monday. Mittal instead responded with a 'Namaskar', folding his hands in response to Faisal's extended hand. However, Mittal shook hands with other members of the Pakistani delegation, including their main lawyer and attorney general.
Shoe hurled at Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal	As Punjab is set to go to polls on February 4, a shoe was hurled at Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal on Wednesday in his home constituency Lambi. The shoe hit him and shattered a glass in his hand. Meanwhile, a man has been detained in this regard. Notably, in 2014 also a shoe was thrown at him.
FTII students failing to finish course cause ?12cr loss: CAG	Students over-staying and not completing their course work caused the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) a loss of nearly ?12 crore, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) said on Friday. The loss was caused by 212 students who continued to stay in hostels without paying the hostel fees after failing to complete the course.
A village in Arunachal sees first sunrise in India	Dong village in Arunachal Pradesh, which is known as the easternmost village in India, witness the earliest sunrise in the country. At about 1,240 metres above sea-level, Dong is located between China and Myanmar. On an average, the sun rises at around 5:00 AM and sets at around 5:00 PM in Dong.
Ticketless passenger stabs ticket examiner on train in Delhi	A ticket examiner was allegedly stabbed on Sunday by one of the three passengers when he asked them to deboard a train for traveling without tickets in Delhi. The victim said that the accused had boarded a reserved coach and stabbed his arm with a sharp-edged weapon when he tried to be stern in asking them to deboard.
Delhi man dies after being shot in celebratory firing	A 50-year-old man died after he allegedly received a bullet injury in celebratory firing during a wedding function in west Delhi's Nangloi area, according to police. The victim was reportedly working as a waiter at the venue when he was hit by a bullet fired from an illegal pistol. The accused, identified as Dharmender, fled the spot after the firing.nn
2 Chinese nationals held for swapping ?34L diamond with fake	Two Chinese nationals were arrested on Monday at the Mumbai airport after they stole a diamond worth ?34 lakh by swapping it with a fake at a Mumbai exhibition. The 5.4-carat diamond was recovered from a bottle of shampoo. Security officials interrogated the Chinese nationals and found the diamond after they were located at the airport using their passport information.
Control of AirAsia India to remain with Indians: Govt to HC	The ownership and control of AirAsia India would remain with Indian nationals under its Brand Licensing Agreement with its parent company Malaysia's AirAsia Berhad, aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation has said. The DGCA's statement before the Delhi High Court came amid allegations that the airline's ownership was with the foreign entity.
Over 1,500 Delhi children reported missing till May in 2017	"According to police figures, over 1,500 children went missing in Delhi in the first five months of this year. ""As per the data, around 12 to 15 children are reported to be missing every day in Delhi,"" Deputy Commissioner of Police Rajan Bhagat said. The police suspect human trafficking gangs behind the abduction of slum kids for cheap labour."
Mera Naam Joker, Sangam last films to be screened at Regal	Late actor Raj Kapoor's 'Mera Naam Joker' and 'Sangam' will be the last two films to be shown at Delhi's 84-year-old Regal cinema hall that will shut down on March 31. The cinema hall, which is located in Connaught Place, was said to be a favourite of Raj Kapoor. The building will be converted into a multiplex soon.
India's only existing steam engine put on display in Haryana	India's only existing steam engine was put on display at the Heritage Transport Museum in Haryana and was opened to the public on Saturday. The 64-year-old engine, originally built by a German locomotive manufacturer, was found in a worn-out state in Bihar. It has now been restored and can be operated occasionally if a visitor wants a private experience.
6 more songs are ready: RJ Malishka post row on pothole song	RJ Malishka, following the criticism by Yuva Sena leaders on her pothole song, tweeted that she has composed six more songs. The leaders wanted Mumbai's civic body BMC to file a ?500 crore defamation case against her for maligning the civic body's image. BMC also sent a notice to Malishka's mother over breeding of dengue mosquitoes at her Mumbai home.
Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai airports put on hijack alert	Security has been beefed up at Mumbai, Hyderabad and Chennai airports after the intelligence agencies reportedly received a tip that terrorists might attempt to hijack aircraft. As per reports, a woman had informed the agencies that she overheard six boys discussing a plan to hijack planes from these airports on Sunday. She also said that 23 people are involved.
Nepal withdraws public holiday for Prez's return from India	After facing criticism, the government of Nepal has withdrawn its decision to declare a public holiday on Friday, the day when President Bidya Devi Bhandari returns after completing her five-day state visit to India. In monarchical Nepal, public holidays were customarily announced whenever the King embarked on an official visit to any nation or returned home after the visit.
Swaraj seeks report on woman 'strip-searched' at airport	After an Indian woman was allegedly strip-searched at Frankfurt airport in Germany, Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has sought a report from the Indian consul general concerned. The 30-year-old Indian woman, in a Facebook post, wrote that she was asked to strip by security officers as part of 'random security checks'. She alleged that it was a case of racial profiling.
Railways starts Roll-on Roll-off service for trucks in Delhi	The Indian Railways on Thursday launched a Roll-on Roll-off (Ro-Ro) service to carry loaded trucks on wagons from Gurugram to Muradnagar in Uttar Pradesh. The service, launched by Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu, aims to decongest roads in Delhi NCR and reduce carbon emissions. The Ro-Ro service will use eight entry and exit routes to take trucks off the roads.
Theme-based art to decorate upcoming Delhi Metro stations	Four stations on the Delhi Metro's upcoming Magenta line will feature artwork based on the features of their neighbourhood, reports said. While the Kalkaji station will feature artwork linked to Lotus and ISKCON temples, the IIT and Jamia stations will have artwork based on education and struggle of students. A mountain and peacock theme was chosen for the airport station.
China opposes new US sanctions against North Korea	"China has opposed the new US sanctions against North Korea, saying that such sanctions were not conducive to mutual trust and cooperation between China and the US. ""China is always opposed to...sanctions outside the framework of the UNSC,"" officials said. Notably, the new sanctions would affect entities trading with North Korea."
Akshay, Hrithik to feature together in film: Reports	"As per reports, actors Akshay Kumar and Hrithik Roshan will feature together in an upcoming film. A source quoted, ""They have found a great script which is perfect and they both have lead roles."" In an earlier interview, Akshay had said that he is open to the idea of doing a film which features two actors in lead roles."
Withdraw, get captured or killed: Ex-China diplomat to India	"A former Chinese diplomat, Liu Youfa, told Chinese state media that India has three possibilities, they can pull out voluntarily, can be captured, or if the dispute escalates, can get killed. ""The Chinese side is standing there waiting for India to make a sensible choice, which is the first scenario (withdrawal of troops),"" Youfa added."
Punjab HC stays govt policy on liquor sale at highway hotels	The Punjab and Haryana High Court on Wednesday issued a stay on the amendment passed by the Punjab Assembly allowing hotels and restaurants along the state highways to serve liquor. This comes after an NGO filed a petition against the amendment. Earlier, the SC had banned the sale of liquor within 500 metres of state and national highways.
Model claims Hyundai fired her for being on her period	Model Rachel Rickert has claimed that she was fired from her job of representing car maker Hyundai at an auto show for being on her period. Rachel reportedly wasn't allowed to take a break due to which her clothes were stained. When she asked for a change of clothes, Rickert was asked to leave for the day and eventually fired.
Trump may become a mediator between India, Pakistan: US	"US Permanent Representative to the UN Nikki Haley has said President Donald Trump may get involved in a peace process between India and Pakistan. ""I would expect that the administration going to be in talks and try and find its place to be part of that (process)... And also wouldn't be surprised if the President participates as well,"" Haley stated."
Internet users in India to reach 730 million by 2020: Govt	Referring to National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) and Akamai, the Telecom Ministry on Monday said that Internet users in India will reach 730 million by 2020. Minister of Communications Manoj Sinha further said that as per information received from Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, there were 391.50 million Internet subscribers in India as of December 31, 2016.
Jallikattu organised at Ramanathapuram despite SC ban	People of Kanjirangudi in Tamil Nadu conducted bull-taming sport Jallikattu despite the Supreme Court's ban declaring that it is their traditional sport and it can't be banned. Police reached the spot hearing the news and requested the crowd to stop the event as it is banned. Earlier, Jallikattu was held in several other places and arrests were also made.
College students worship Disha Patani to lose virginity	"Actress Disha Patani is being worshipped by students of Hindu college in Delhi, in hopes of losing their virginity in the next six months. The celebration is an annual event on Valentine's Day as a popular actress is chosen to be worshipped as 'Damdami Mai'. ""As always, condoms will be used to decorate the virgin tree,"" said a student."
NOTA introduced for the first time in MCD elections	For the first time in Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) elections, the None Of The Above (NOTA) option was made available during polling which took place on Sunday. While the total number of voters in the Delhi civic polls stood at more than 1.32 crore, the voter turnout was recorded low at 54%.
Cheesemaker offers ?42,000 reward to recover stolen cheese	"A cheesemaker from England is offering nearly ?42,000 reward for the recovery of two blocks of prize-winning cheddar cheese stolen from an agricultural show. The two blocks were stolen along with the certificates that prove their prize-winning quality which could raise their value. ""It's a bit like having a valuable painting stolen,"" said cheesemaker Rich Clothier."
SC bans sale of BS-III compliant vehicles from April 1	The Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered a ban on the registration and sale of vehicles compliant with the older Bharat Stage-III (BS-III) emission norms from April 1. The Supreme Court asserted that the health of millions was more important than commercial interests. Notably, more stringent BS-IV norms were introduced in 2010, and a nationwide rollout is expected on April 1.
I-T dept detects ?16,200 crore in black money stashed abroad	The I-T Department has detected ?16,200 crore worth black money after conducting investigations on global leaks about Indians stashing funds abroad. Of this, ?8,200 crore undisclosed income was brought to tax in last 2 years on account of deposits made in unreported foreign accounts in HSBC. The government is committed to bring back black money stashed abroad, it said.
Arjun Rampal, Jackie Shroff likely to campaign for BJP	Model-turned-actor Arjun Rampal and Bollywood star Jackie Shroff could be the star campaigners for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) ahead of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly election. After leaving the BJP headquarters in Delhi where meetings with party officials were held on Tuesday, Arjun Rampal said that he hasn't decided about joining the political party yet.
Swedish train named 'Trainy McTrainface' after public vote	After the British public voted to name a polar research vessel Boaty McBoatface, Sweden has voted to name a train Trainy McTrainface. Trainy McTrainface received 49% of the votes, beating options like Poseidon and Miriam. Swedes have previously named trains Estelle, after the five-year-old Swedish Princess, and Glenn, after a long-running joke that everyone in Gothenburg city is named Glenn.
Cannot relax noise rules during Ganpati festival: Bombay HC	The Bombay High Court on Thursday cautioned the state government against demands to relax noise pollution rules during the Ganpati festival and Navratri. The state government was told that they cannot go against the High Court judgment which does not allow loudspeakers or other sound amplifiers in a silence zone at any hour of the day.
Ajinkya Rahane scratchy, down on confidence: Sourav Ganguly	"Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly has said that stand-in captain Ajinkya Rahane's confidence has gone down and it was evident from his batting. Rahane has scored 160 runs with an average of 26.66 in the ongoing India-Australia series so far. ""It's not the Rahane we have seen...he is just a bit out of the place at the moment,"" Ganguly added."
Book reveals Clinton congratulated Trump after election	"According to the book titled 'Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign', Hillary Clinton phoned her presidential election opponent Donald Trump to say ""congratulations, Donald"" after her loss. She added, ""I'll be supportive of the country's success, and your success as president"". Clinton also called former President Barack Obama and apologised to him for the loss, the book revealed."
RSS-backed group sings rap song targeting Goa CM Parrikar	"RSS-backed Goa Suraksha Manch (GSM) has come up with a rap song targeting Goa CM Manohar Parrikar for his ""failed promises and political treachery"". The song titled 'Mannu Aamka Tuzyawar Bharosa Nai Hai' features GSM workers questioning 'Mannu' (Manohar Parrikar) for backing casino industry. Song also entails verses like ""Mannu we do not trust you...You are a destroyer of Goa."""
India Today calls BJP victory in Uttarakhand polls	India Today has called for a Bharatiya Janata Party victory in Uttarakhand, with a lead in 54 of the 70 Assembly seats counted. The incumbent Congress party was leading only in 10 seats while the Bahujan Samaj Party led in a seat. Current Chief Minister Harish Rawat was also leading from the Haridwar rural seat, reports said.
Need battery-run cars and buses to check pollution: Kejriwal	Addressing e-rickshaw drivers at an event to announce subsidies, CM Arvind Kejriwal has said that there is a need to reduce the number of diesel and petrol cars and buses to check pollution in Delhi. He announced the government will provide subsidies of ?15,000 and ?30,000 to 6,000 applicants to promote e-rickshaw use for shorter distances and last mile connectivity.
Harmanpreet asks PM Modi if he has a clothes designer	India Women cricketer Harmanpreet Kaur asked Narendra Modi if he had a clothes designer, during the side's meeting with him after their runners-up finish in the Women's World Cup. Modi reportedly said he did not have a designer and relied on his old tailor in Ahmedabad. He added the tailor would earlier charge ?20-25, but has now increased his charges.
Delhi power companies ordered to buy more green energy	The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) has directed power distribution companies in Delhi to either generate their own electricity through renewable sources or increase their purchase of green energy from generating companies. Reportedly, DERC will make it compulsory for the companies to buy 100% electricity being generated from the waste-to-energy (WTE) plants set up in the capital.
What is Water Tanker scam that AAP ministers are accused of?	The Water Tanker scam happened in 2012 during Sheila Dikshit's tenure as CM, in which irregularities worth ?400 crore were reported while hiring water tankers. The AAP government set up sacked minister Kapil Mishra-led panel in 2015 to probe the scam. Mishra has now alleged that Arvind Kejriwal is trying to suppress the scam because of AAP ministers' involvement.
Not a single bullet fired in 40 years on China: Modi	"PM Narendra Modi on Friday said that the Indian side hasn't fired a single bullet in the last 40 years because of the border dispute with China. However, he acknowledged that ""we have a border dispute with China"". He was responding to a question asking whether there is discord due to China's One Belt One Road (OBOR) project."
Over 8 lakh people still displaced from Mosul: UN	"The UN on Friday said that over 8 lakh people out of nearly 10 lakh who fled Iraq's Mosul after the offensive against Islamic State began, still remain displaced. UN officials in Iraq said the new displacement figures underscored ""the enormous crisis"" in the area. Notably, Mosul was recaptured from ISIS earlier this month by US-backed Iraqi government forces."
DCW chief gets bail in recruitment case	AAP leader and chief of Delhi Commission for Women Swati Maliwal was on Monday granted bail by a Special Court in a case of alleged irregularities in recruitment process of the women's panel. Maliwal, who had appeared before the court on January 18 over summons, had to furnish a personal bond of ?20,000 and a surety of the same amount.
Saroha wins club throw silver at World Para Athletics C'ship	Former national-level hockey player Amit Saroha, who met with an accident in 2007, clinched the silver medal in the club throw event in the F-51 category at the World Para Athletics Championships. Saroha produced his career best performance at the World Para Athletics Championships, throwing the club to 30.25 metres to set an Asian record as well.
CBI denies NDTV charges, says it respects freedom of press	"Responding to NDTV's allegations that CBI raided its premises ""without conducting a preliminary enquiry"", the agency clarified that searches were conducted based on warrants by a competent court. CBI added investigations against Prannoy and Radhika Roy weren't regarding loan default, but wrongful gain of ?48 crore. CBI further dismissed NDTV's charges, saying it ""fully respects freedom of press""."
PIL filed seeking 24-hr helpline against cow vigilantes	A social activist has filed a Public Interest Litigation in the Bombay High Court demanding a 24-hour helpline against cow vigilantes. The activist, fearing that more attacks may follow during Bakra Eid, said that it is the duty of the state to protect its citizens. All the police stations should have names of gau-rakshaks under their jurisdiction, the petition demanded.
One arrested for attack on former int'l athlete in Delhi	Delhi police today arrested a 34-year-old man who was accused of beating former international powerlifter Anil Sharma in Delhi last week. The accused, identified as Ashwini Naath alias Aashu, told the police that he and the other accused had a heated argument with Sharma after which they attacked him. He confessed that he was unaware of intensity of Sharma's injuries.
Tamil Nadu may become like Punjab due to tobacco access: HC	The Madras High Court on Tuesday said that due to easy availability of tobacco in Tamil Nadu, the state may become another Punjab. The court also asked the concerned authorities to take preventive measures to check the problem. The court further directed to furnish details of the raids conducted by the authorities each month and results of such raids periodically.
UK lifts laptop ban on two Turkish airlines	"The UK has lifted an in-cabin laptop ban on Turkish Airlines and Pegasus. The Transport Department said the restrictions ""will be lifted on a case-by-case basis once the UK government has verified that airlines have put in place alternative security measures."" The UK had imposed the ban on direct flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia."
Actor Will Smith's wife reveals she was once a drug dealer	"Actor Will Smith's wife Jada Pinkett Smith, while speaking about her relationship with late rapper Tupac Shakur revealed that when she first met him she was a drug dealer. ""It's kinda hard because I haven't really told the whole story,"" she added. Further, talking about her marriage with Will, she said, ""[W]e love being a family...that's what gets us through""."
I lost my soulmate: Wife of Linkin Park vocalist Bennington	"Following the demise of Linkin Park's vocalist Chester Bennington, his wife Talinda Bennington said she has lost her soulmate and their children have lost their hero. She added, ""He was a bright, loving soul with an angel's voice. And now he's pain free, singing his songs in all of our hearts."" Bennington was found dead in his residence last week.n"
Video: VHP activists show weapons in Amarnath attack protest	"Bajrang Dal and Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) members on Wednesday brandished weapons like pistols and swords while protesting against the Amarnath terror attack. ""If Centre does not avenge Amarnath terror attack within 15 days, Bajrang Dal will have to take law in their hands to protect pilgrims,"" a Bajrang Dal leader said. They also raised anti-Pakistan slogans and burnt effigies."
In 1950s, playback singers were called ghost voices: Lata	"Singer Lata Mangeshkar has revealed that in early 1950s, playback singers were called 'ghost voices' because they were totally invisible to the public. She added, n""Even my name wasn't printed...it was the name of the character the heroine played that was printed on the record."" Lata further said that she never thought of her nvoice being bigger than the film."
Teenagers spot fire on GoAir flight with 194 onboard	Two teenagers in Delhi saved the lives of 194 people when they spotted a fire on the tail of a Bengaluru-bound GoAir flight on Wednesday evening, officials said. The Delhi Police was alerted, following which the flight captain was informed and the aircraft made an emergency landing at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in the capital.
Shops relocated to decongest Delhi Airport	Shops at the domestic terminal of Delhi Airport have been relocated to provide additional space for seamless passenger movement, MoS for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha said on Tuesday. This comes after a draft report by the Public Accounts Committee said lesser space for passengers due to shops and restaurants could hamper passenger movement during a mishap.
Those who dream to become PM never get the post: Fadnavis	"Taking a jibe at NCP and SP supremos Sharad Pawar and Mulayam Singh Yadav, Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis has said that those who dream to become the Prime Minister never get the top post. ""Let me remain Chief Minister,"" he said when asked by some students at IIT-Bombay whether he wanted to become the PM."
Putin praises Trump's listening skills, wishes more dialogue	"Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday praised his US counterpart Donald Trump's ability to listen, saying, ""He (Trump) reacts to the interlocutor, he is involved in the discussion even if he doesn't like something and asks some questions."" Putin who believes he had already established a personal relationship with Trump, also hoped for further dialogue with the US President."
Do not raise 'Narendra Modi Murdabad' slogans: Rahul Gandhi	"Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Monday asked party workers not to raise 'Murdabad' (death to) slogans against PM Modi. ""Using the word 'Murdabad' is not our culture. You can hear such words from hardliners like the RSS,"" Gandhi said. ""Such slogans should not be used in Congress meetings as Modi is our PM. We will defeat him politically,"" he added."
Five arrested for assaulting Enforcement Directorate officer	The Pune police have arrested five persons for assaulting an Enforcement Directorate (ED) officer earlier this month when he had gone to the office of Siddhi Vinayak Logistic (SVLL) to investigate an alleged bank loan fraud case. While four out of these five accused have been remanded to police custody till May 13, all accused have been released on bail.
Leftists celebrate when our jawans die: Kiren Rijiju	"Union minister Kiren Rijiju has reacted to Kargil martyr's daughter Gurmehar Kaur issue, saying that her father's soul must be weeping seeing his daughter being misguided by the leftists who celebrate when our jawans die. ""During the war between India and China they (left) supported China; they mislead the youth and it is not right,"" he added."
Princess Diana tried to cut wrist after wedding, claim tapes	"Princess Diana tried cutting her wrists with razors weeks after marrying Prince Charles, secret tapes recorded in 1991 have revealed. She said in the tapes, ""I was so depressed... I was in a very bad way,"" and had bulimia. Diana described her love for Charles and insecurity of Camilla Parker Bowles, whom he married years after Diana died."
Not the 1st time I was threatened: Ganguly on threat letter	Former India captain Sourav Ganguly, who received a threatening letter warning him to not attend a program, has said he does not take such threats seriously. Ganguly added it was the fourth time he had received such a letter, which was addressed to his mother, Nirupa. The letter warned Ganguly against attending a cricket tournament in Midnapore on January 19.
Which Indian Vice Presidents have been elected Presidents?	A total of six Indian Vice Presidents went on to be elected as Presidents later. The list includes Dr S Radhakrishnan, who was elected as the country's President after serving two terms as the Vice President. The other five people on the list are Dr Zakir Hussain, V V Giri, R Venkataraman, Dr Shankar Dayal Sharma, and K R Narayanan.
Who is BJP to give sanctity to Muslims, asks Owaisi	"A day after Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad's ""we have given Muslims proper sanctity despite not getting their votes"" remark, AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi said, ""Who is the minister to say BJP gave us sanctity? It is the constitution who gave sanctity."" Owaisi further said, ""Government and parties will come and go but constitution will remain as it is supreme."""
Woman cop who confronted BJP mob part of UP's mass transfers	A female senior police officer, who had confronted a mob of BJP workers, is among the 234 officers who received transfer orders in Uttar Pradesh. Senior officer Shreshtha Thakur's video of handling the mob and arresting five for bullying had earlier gone viral. Thakur was reportedly transferred following a meeting of BJP MLAs and MPs with UP CM Yogi Adityanath.
India 1st to voluntarily contribute $100k to UN tax fund	India has voluntarily contributed $100,000 to a UN fund to help developing countries actively participate in the discussion of tax issues, becoming the first country to voluntarily contribute. The UN Tax Trust Fund has called for voluntary contributions since its establishment in 2006. Handing over the cheque, India expressed hope that other countries would also contribute.
164% rise in terror-related civilian deaths in J&K in a year	Jammu and Kashmir has witnessed a 45% rise in terrorism-related deaths and 164% increase in civilian deaths alone over the last one year, according to an IndiaSpend analysis of data from the South Asian Terrorism Portal. Over the past 18 years, at least 52 Amarnath Yatra pilgrims have been killed in five terrorist attacks.
Bachchan turns down rare invitation from Queen Elizabeth II	Amitabh Bachchan has turned down a rare invitation from Queen Elizabeth II to attend the reception of UK-India Year Of Culture, which is towards the end of this month. Bachchan's publicist said that the actor had to refuse the invite owing to prior commitments. He is said to be busy with the trailer launch of his upcoming film 'Sarkar 3'.
Firm recalls flip-flops on fears of cancer-causing chemical	"Irish company Primark has recalled thousands of pairs of men's flip-flops after discovering they contain a cancer-causing chemical. This is the third product recall Primark has issued this year and a full refund is being offered to all customers. However, a Primark spokesperson said, ""At the levels found in the flip-flop...health and safety risk to customers is minimal."""
Assam village gives livestock, animals as lottery prizes	Villagers in the Barpeta district of Assam organised a lottery to mark the New Year and the prizes to be won included livestock and animals. The organisers gave a cow, a goat and a duck as the first, second and third prize respectively. A number of hens and fishes were also given out as consolation prizes.
Delhi govt raises acid attack victims' compensation to ?7L	The AAP government has informed the Delhi High Court that it has raised the compensation for acid attack victims from ?3 lakh to ?7 lakh. Further, the Delhi government said it has directed all Delhi hospitals to provide free treatment to such victims. The submission was made while hearing the plea filed by several victims against the compensation cap.
If it doesn't make you laugh, that comedy isn't wrong: Lilly	"Indo-Canadian YouTube star Lilly Singh, also known as Superwoman, said, ""If you watch something and it makes you laugh, great. If it doesn't, that comedy isn't wrong. It's just not suitable for you."" Calling comedy ""very subjective"", Lilly added, ""The best thing you can do is promote what you love, (and not) bash what you hate."""
Pakistan lawyers give PM Sharif 7-day deadline to resign	Pakistan's lawyers have threatened to launch a nationwide campaign if PM Nawaz Sharif does not resign by May 27. Pakistan's Supreme Court Bar Association and the Lahore High Court Bar Association called for the resignation after the SC's verdict on the Panama Papers, in which Sharif and his son were named for corruption. An inquiry has been ordered against Sharif.
Pak Army called to disperse mob attacking Ahmadi Mosque	Pakistani Army had to be called in to disperse a mob of around 1,000 people who attacked an Ahmadi mosque in Chakwal district in Pakistan's Punjab, according to reports. The minority Ahmadi community has come under attack from Sunni extremists and mobs several times in the recent past. Notably, Pakistan's Ahmadi Muslims community is not recognised as Muslims by law.
Delhi Police may ban Ladies' Night for women?s safety	"Delhi Police may impose a ban on Ladies' Night in Hauz Khas Village till August 15 due to women safety issues, according to reports. Police officials have reportedly asked pubs and restaurants in the area to stop hosting such nights. ""Such nights lure many men and it creates a law and order problem,"" a police official said."
India must aspire to become global power of happiness: Prez	"President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday said India should aspire to become a global powerhouse not just in terms of GDP but also in terms of Gross National Happiness (GNH). ""Along with GDP, GNH is considered as one of the important factors of development,"" Mukherjee added. ""600 million youth are entering the job market, but their employability isn't adequate,"" Mukherjee said."
Congress leader shot dead in Maharashtra's Bhiwandi	A Congress leader was shot dead by a couple of unidentified persons in Maharashtra's Bhiwandi on Monday, police said. Identified as Manoj Mhatre, the party leader was attacked with sharp weapons by the assailants before being shot at from point blank range, it added. Notably, there had been an attempt on his life earlier as well, police added.
Frenchman becomes world's most expensive defender at ?436 cr	Premier League club Manchester City has signed French side AS Monaco's Benjamin Mendy for £52 million (over ?436 crore), making him the world's most expensive defender. The 23-year-old left-back surpassed Kyle Walker, who recently signed for Manchester City from Tottenham Hotspur for over £45 million (around ?377 crore). Manchester City has now taken its summer spending to over £200 million.
How is the new Nokia 3310 different from its older version?	The new Nokia 3310 has a 2.4-inch colour screen unlike the original phone, which came with an 84x84 black and white display. The 2017 Nokia 3310's 1200mAh battery life is 10 times more than the original. The new model, which is slimmer and lighter than the original, has an updated version of the 'Snake' game, which was made by Gameloft.
AIADMK rejects demand for information on Jaya's treatment	The ruling AIADMK in Tamil Nadu has rejected opposition parties' demand for issuing 'white paper', a government report giving information on an issue, on the treatment given to Late CM J Jayalalithaa. AIADMK Spokesperson C Ponnaiyan termed the demand for white paper as a planned campaign against Sasikala Natarajan, the long-time close aide of Jayalalithaa and prospective party general secretary.
Dhanbad's ex-Deputy Mayor killed in indiscriminate firing	Dhanbad's ex-Deputy Mayor Neeraj Singh and three others were killed in the city on Tuesday after unidentified gunmen opened fire. Singh's friend, his driver and bodyguard were among the killed. The police recovered at least 50 AK 47 bullet shells from the spot with 17 bullets reportedly taken by Singh himself. A manhunt was launched to nab the assailants.
Divya's role in Babumoshai Bandookbaaz not inspired by Amma	"Filmmaker Kushan Nandy has said that actress Divya Dutta's role in his upcoming film 'Babumoshai Bandookbaaz' is not based on late Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa. ""Our film is fictional. So, the similarities [between Divya's character and Jayalalithaa] begin and end with the fact that she plays a female politician, who is a go-getter,"" he added."
Flyer who opened flight's emergency exit released on surety	The passenger who allegedly opened the emergency exit of a Chandigarh-bound IndiGo flight before takeoff was released on a surety of ?15,000 on Saturday. Airport Police said 31-year-old Akshay Rameshkumar Mohan was released as this was a bailable offence. IndiGo had earlier claimed that a passenger suddenly opened the emergency exit and inflated the slide, causing injury to a co-passenger.
Lalu made his illiterate wife CM: BJP on 'dictator' remark	"After RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav called PM Narendra Modi a 'dictator', BJP leader Sushil Modi retaliated and said that Lalu had made his illiterate wife (Rabri Devi) the Chief Minister"". ""He made his sons ministers. He never allowed anyone else to become president of RJD. How can he say that PM Modi is a dictator,"" Sushil Modi added."
Shiv Sena opposes plan to buy mini buses from Force Motors	Shiv Sena members in the Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport committee opposed the proposal of buying 100 new mini buses from Force Motors. They suggested the committee to buy these buses from Tata Motors Limited. The members reportedly also claimed that the mini buses won't serve any purpose because their capacity was low compared to regular buses.
Bees interrupt funeral in Odisha for over three hours	A swarm of bees attacked about 30 people at a funeral in the Kendrapara district of Odisha, putting a halt to the last rites for over three hours. The bees interrupted the funeral of a 66-year-old man after a nearby tree, which was home to the bees, was mistakenly set on fire. Firefighting personnel were called to douse the fire.
Mumbai court convicts 15 Somali pirates in 2011 case	A Mumbai court has convicted 15 Somali pirates to 7 years of imprisonment in a 2011 case. The pirates were found guilty of attempt to murder and kidnapping for taking 22 people hostage on board a commercial ship from Thailand. This is one of the four cases registered against 120 Somali pirates, for holding 91 people from different countries hostage.
HC stays AAP govt's distance criteria for nursery admissions	"The Delhi High Court on Tuesday stayed the AAP government's nursery admission norm, which made it mandatory for private unaided schools to accept admission forms based on the neighbourhood criteria. Justice Manmohan termed the notification as ""arbitrary, unreasonable and against public interest."" The notification gave priority to people living within a radius of 1 kilometre from the school."
BSP expels Naseemuddin Siddiqui for anti-party activities	The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) on Wednesday expelled senior leader and prominent Muslim face Naseemuddin Siddiqui and his son Afzal Siddiqui from the party for carrying out anti-party activities. BSP General Secretary Satish Chandra Mishra claimed that Siddiqui has slaughterhouses and 'benami' properties in his name and he also took money during Assembly polls which resulted in the party's defeat.
10 supercars seized in Chennai for illegal racing	Chennai police on Sunday impounded 10 supercars that were allegedly involved in illegal racing in the city. The cars, estimated to be worth around ?30 crore in total, include two Lamborghinis, a Ferrari, and an Audi. According to the police, the cars were being driven at 180 kmph on a 60 kmph stretch.
BJP MP Vijay Goel favours unification of 3 MCDs	"Union Minister Vijay Goel has favoured unification of three MCDs ? North, South and East ? in order to deliver the services more effectively. ""Barring one, the two other civic bodies have been incurring losses. It would be more fruitful and efficient if all the three were merged,"" he said. MCD was trifurcated into EDMC, NDMC and SDMC in 2012."
Shahid wanted to be called 'superstar' by a magazine: Report	According to reports, actor Shahid Kapoor wanted to be called a 'superstar' and not a 'star' by a magazine for which he did a photoshoot. Shahid reportedly said if the magazine team didn't want to make the change, he wanted the entire story removed. The team made the change but later altered the title following the release of 'Rangoon'.
Delhi to launch WhatsApp number to report public drinking	Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia on Wednesday said that the government will soon launch a WhatsApp number to let people complain against those consuming alcohol in public places. Sisodia added that over 1,500 people have been caught as part of an ongoing awareness campaign against drinking in public in the national capital since November 7.
Women are doing better than men in B'wood: Masaan director	"Director Neeraj Ghaywan, whose debut film 'Masaan' won him the National Film Award for Best First Film of a Director, has said that women are doing much better than men in Bollywood. ""They are experimenting more with their roles,"" added Neeraj. He further said that he would like to work with Deepika Padukone as he loved her performance in 'Piku'."
Abu Azmi's son, Esha Gupta engage in twitter war	"After SP MLA Abu Azmi said women consider nudity as fashion, his son Farhan Azmi engaged in a war of words with Esha Gupta. ""The only woman to blame here...is the woman who unknowingly gave birth to a jerk like Abu Azmi,"" Esha tweeted. ""She was far more dignified than U,"" Farhan tweeted while retweeting a topless picture of Esha.n"
Mughal-era gardens in Delhi to be redeveloped	Two Mughal-era gardens in Delhi, Roshanara Bagh and Qudsia Bagh, are set to be redeveloped after the Union Tourism Ministry agreed to fund the projects on Friday. An official said that ?10 crore will be allocated for Roshanara Bagh and ?4 crore for Qudsia Bagh. This will be used for the upkeep of the cricket pitch, monuments, and playgrounds.
Sweeper held for posing as Mumbai housing official by night	Mumbai police has arrested a BMC sweeper who would pose as a Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA) official by night and dupe people by illegally sanctioning flats. The accused claimed he would give the keys of the flat soon, but would say he was waiting for an auspicious day whenever a victim called to ask, an officer said.
Former UN chief lauds AAP govt?s Mohalla Clinics project	"Former Secretary-General of United Nations Kofi Annan has praised the AAP government?s Mohalla Clinics project which is aimed at providing free primary healthcare to Delhi residents near their home. Annan wrote to CM Arvind Kejriwal, stating, ""The utilisation of these clinics represents a large increase in consumption of cost-effective primary healthcare without people incurring financial costs""."
Karnan goes missing as Kolkata cops reach Chennai for arrest	After the Supreme Court sentenced Justice CS Karnan to six months in jail, a five-member team of Kolkata police reached Chennai on Wednesday to arrest him. The police team, however, failed to locate Justice Karnan and sought help from their Chennai counterparts to track him. The Calcutta High Court judge had travelled to Chennai, his home city, on Monday night.n
Send Dutt back to jail if rules were broken: Maha govt to HC	"The Maharashtra government reiterated on Thursday that no rules were broken in releasing actor Sanjay Dutt in the 1993 blasts case. It said that although no norms were flouted in remitting Dutt's sentence, the court could order him to be ""sent back to jail"". However, the court said it had ""no such intention"", and only needed affirmation in the case."
No special prosecutor needed on Russia scandal: White House	The White House has ruled out the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate the allegations of Russian interference in last year's presidential elections. The White House also issued a timeline detailing how Trump lost confidence in Comey over the last months. Interestingly, Trump recently tweeted that Comey would be replaced by someone who will do a far better job.
Monthly housing sales fell 40% on demonetisation: PropTiger	Realty portal PropTiger has said that its monthly average housing sales fell 40% during November-December 2016 in top nine cities because of the government's demonetisation move. New home launches fell 49% in the period, the company added. News Corp-backed PropTiger, which recently merged with real estate search portal Housing, laid off 200 employees this week in a restructuring exercise.
Miners find 8,500 kg gold on 'sacred' land in New Zealand	A standoff between a local community and miners has emerged in New Zealand after 8,500 kg of highest quality gold was found on a protected conservation land. Miners plan to begin extracting small amounts of gold from next year. However, locals argue that no amount of gold is worth compromising with the peace and harmony of their sacred land.
Govt to set up special units to probe crimes against women	In view of the rise in crimes against women, the Centre has decided to set up 200 special investigating units in the most crime-prone districts. The Investigative Units on Crime Against Women will be set up on a 50:50 cost sharing basis with the states. Besides augmenting state machinery, the units would encourage women to come forward and lodge complaints.
Elderly kills self, pledges to donate organs in suicide note	A 66-year-old from South West Delhi?s Dwarka Sector 22 allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday and in a note requested his organs be donated to All India Institute of Medical Sciences. In his suicide note, the deceased said that ?he is tired of life.? The man was a retired civil engineer and had worked as an advisor with the DRDO.
Maha law colleges allowed to revise fees after 9 years	Maharashtra's private law colleges have reportedly been allowed to revise their fees for the first time in nine years after they were brought under the control of the Fee Regulating Authority (FRA). While the colleges have welcomed the revision of fees, students reportedly demanded that the colleges need to upgrade themselves before charging extra fees.
US court allows Trump commission to collect voter data	A US court has ruled that President Donald Trump's commission on election fraud can resume collecting voter information from all states. The commission had asked states to provide publicly available data including registered voters' names, birth dates, and social security numbers. However, an advocacy group filed a lawsuit against the commission citing privacy concerns.
Pilot killed, 2 injured in Nepal Army plane crash	A Nepal Army plane crashed on Tuesday, killing the pilot and injuring two crew members, during an emergency landing triggered by bad weather, reports said. The aircraft carrying food supplies overshot the runway by about 50 metres and crashed in a field. This is the second accident involving a cargo aircraft in less than a week in the country.
Federer to face compatriot Wawrinka in Aus Open semifinal	Swiss tennis star Roger Federer will face compatriot and world number four Stanislas Wawrinka in the semifinal of the Australian Open 2017. The four-time Australian Open champion defeated Germany's Mischa Zverev in straight sets to reach his 13th semifinal at the tournament and his 41st Grand Slam semifinal overall. Notably, Zverev had knocked out Andy Murray in the 4th round.
Speak the truth, fulfil your poll promises: Tejaswi to Modi	"Wishing Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the occasion of Ramnavami, Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Tejaswi Yadav tweeted, ""Respected PM, at least on the auspicious occasion of Ramnavami today, please speak the truth."" He further asked Modi to tell the people as to when he will start implementation of his poll promise of providing jobs to two crore youths every year."
I can't compete with Salman Khan at the box-office: SRK	"Actor Shah Rukh Khan has confessed that his films cannot make as much money as a Salman Khan-film. ""I can't compete with Salman Khan at the box-office. None of us can. That is the reality,"" he added. Shah Rukh had earlier shifted the release of 'Raees', which was scheduled to release on the same date as Salman's 'Sultan'."
Hansal denies reports of Kangana turning editor for Simran	"Filmmaker Hansal Mehta has denied reports of Kangana Ranaut taking over editing of the trailer of his upcoming directorial 'Simran' after being unhappy over the first cut. ""All this speculation is false, malicious and fabricated,"" he added. Co-producer Bhushan Kumar said, ""At the end, the film is a director's vision and the film campaign will stay close to that only""."
Sonam to be part of Harvard Business School panel for talk	"Sonam Kapoor is set to join the Harvard Business School's (HBS) panel for a special talk. "" I think the subject is very relevant to times that we live in,"" said Sonam. She will reportedly talk about the pitfalls and challenges associated with both the aspects - notions of beauty and the aspiration to look 'beautiful', as per a source."
Lynching not new, it's being overhyped: Union Home Secretary	"Union Home Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi has said that lynching or hate crimes are not something new in India while adding, ""I think they are overhyped and over-reported."" However, Mehrishi added, ""A crime is a crime and should be handled with strictness, fairness."" Recently, Deputy SP Mohammed Ayub Pandith was lynched in Srinagar by a mob."
Who are they to comment on Kareena's life: Randhir on trolls	"Randhir Kapoor, while commenting on people who troll his daughter Kareena over her parenting style, has asked who are they to interfere in her life. ""[S]he has to go and work out to stay in shape, or else she'll get trolled for that too,"" he added. Randhir further said Kareena will continue working even though she has a baby now."
Chinese spy ship spotted near US-Australia war operation	A Chinese spy ship was spotted off the coast of Queensland during a joint war exercise between Australian and US forces, the Australian Defence Force (ADF) said on Saturday. Adding that the spy ship remained outside Australia's territorial waters and did not interfere with the operation, ADF said that the ship did enter the Australian Exclusive Economic Zone.
I cannot think of remarriage: Hrithik Roshan	"Actor Hrithik Roshan, who split from his ex-wife Sussanne Khan in 2013, has said that at present he cannot think of remarriage. ""I feel satiated, I feel content,"" he added. Hrithik further said that he is currently focussing on being self-sufficient. Hrithik and Sussanne got married in the year 2000 and got officially divorced in 2014."
Samajwadi Party still belongs to me: Mulayam Singh	Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Monday said the party still belongs to him and he enjoys people's support. He further added he led a spot-free life so far, and the Supreme Court gave him a clean chit when corruption charges were levelled against him. Mulayam has approached the Election Commission to take up battle of party symbol 'cycle'.
GST has not impacted consumer spending, says HUL CEO	"FMCG major Hindustan Unilever has said GST hasn't impacted consumer off-take and expects price cuts undertaken by it to drive sales. ""With us taking the lead in reducing the consumer price, it should give a fillip to consumer demand,"" CEO Sanjiv Mehta said. HUL had reduced prices of some products, extending tax benefits it got under GST to consumers."
Delhi civic bodies to jail people for littering	Delhi civic bodies reportedly plan to make the acts of littering in public places and allowing mosquito breeding in households criminal offences with appropriate jail terms. The imprisonment will vary from one month to six months depending on the severity of the violation. This comes after Municipal Corporation officials said existing penalties were too weak to deter violators.
Who is Justice Bhandari, Indian in ICJ panel in Jadhav case?	Former Supreme Court judge Dalveer Bhandari was among the 11 judges of the International Court of Justice panel presiding over Kulbhushan Jadhav's case. Bhandari was a judge in the Indian judiciary for more than 20 years, before his elevation to the UN court. Bhandari in 2012 became the first Indian to be elected to the ICJ in nearly two decades.
Burhan Wani's successor Sabzar Bhat killed in Jammu-Kashmir	"Sabzar Bhat, who reportedly became terror outfit Hizbul Mujahideen's commander after Burhan Wani's death last year, has been killed by security forces in an encounter in Pulwama, Jammu and Kashmir. Bhat, who was among the 8 militants killed in two encounters in the Valley on Saturday, called his family members before dying and said, ""Forgive me, if I'm wrong."""
People who criticised my appearance were right: Parineeti	"Parineeti Chopra has said when people criticised her older appearance, they were right. Talking about her old photos, she said, ""I know that's not me. I'm a very self-assured person which is what makes me real. I'm not showing off by doing so."" Parineeti added, ""I knew when I lose the weight, everybody will say that she looks so good."""
Railways plans to buy recycled water from private players	The Railways is planning to purchase recycled water from private players to cut down its water bill and save up to ?400 crore a year, a senior official said. The Railways presently buys water from the states, spending ?4,000 crore a year. It is expected to unveil its first-ever water management policy on March 22 (World Water Day).
Mumbai colleges may reserve seats for those who live nearby	The Maharashtra government is reportedly considering reserving seats in colleges for students who live nearby. This comes after several legislators complained that junior college students are forced to travel longer distances despite having many colleges near their homes. Education Minister Vinod Tawde said the department will hold a meeting of all stakeholders to discuss the issue.
98% kids reach school after Right to Education: Javadekar	Human Resource Development (HRD) Minister Prakash Javadekar has said that 98% of the children have started going to school after the implementation of Right to Education. Claiming that Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government is focusing on the issue of brain drain, Javadekar added that all efforts are being made to check the same.
39-year-old man arrested for flashing at woman in Mumbai	The Mumbai police on Saturday arrested a 39-year-old man for allegedly flashing at a woman in Churchgate. The 30-year-old woman raised an alarm when he allegedly overtook and flashed at her. The man was granted bail after he reportedly said that he was only fixing the zip of his trousers. The police said it could be a case of misinterpretation.
One dead in helicopter crash in Badrinath	A helicopter carrying pilgrims crashed in Badrinath on Saturday morning, killing a flight engineer and injuring the two pilots. The accident reportedly occurred due to insufficient air pressure in the chopper. The Agusta 119 helicopter, belonging to a Mumbai-based operator, was carrying five pilgrims and three crew members, and was travelling from Badrinath to Haridwar.
Delhi: Men transporting buffaloes attacked; complaints filed	Three men were allegedly attacked by animal rights activists near the Kalkaji Mandir in Delhi for transporting buffaloes and complaints have also been filed against the attackers and the men who were assaulted. The incident took place late on Saturday night and the victims, including truck driver, have been booked under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.
Oscar-winning actor Martin Landau passes away aged 89	Oscar-winning Hollywood actor Martin Landau passed away aged 89 on Monday in California. Landau won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1995 for the film 'Ed Wood'. He is known for his role in the television series 'Mission: Impossible' for which he received numerous Emmy nominations and a Golden Globe award.
It is phenomenal to see Virat Kohli play: Google CEO Pichai	"Google CEO Sundar Pichai, while interacting with IIT Kharagpur students, expressed his love for cricket and heaped praise on Virat Kohli. ""I love cricket. It has been phenomenal to see Virat Kohli play. He has performed great in all forms of cricket,"" said Pichai. Notably, Pichai had earlier said that he wanted to be a cricketer in his childhood."
Majority of Indian Muslims are descendants of Hindus: BJP MP	Quoting BJP idealogue Deen Dayal Upadhyaya, Bihar BJP MP Hukumdev Narayan Yadav on Monday claimed that majority of Muslims in India are descendants of Hindus, and added both communities should respect each other's sentiments. Pointing out that freedom fighters like Maulana Azad used to sing 'Vande Mataram', he said it has now become a crime to sing the national song.
Mamata Banerjee plans to gift cows to farmers in West Bengal	"West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has decided to gift cows to the poor farmers across the state, with the first batch of cattle to be given to North 24 Parganas and Hooghly districts. ""This will not only ensure better living conditions for the cattle population, but will generate alternative employment opportunities for farmers,"" said an agriculture department officer."
Celebrate Indian success stories like Dhirubhai Ambani: Pai	"India needs to ""celebrate"" success stories of ""heroes"" like Dhirubhai Ambani and Narayana Murthy, who have created wealth for the nation and jobs for millions, former Infosys executive Mohandas Pai said. ""We have to create a good narrative... Our narrative is broken up into very negative matters,"" he stated. ""Why can't an Ambani, Murthy get a Bharat Ratna?"" he added."
Pak's Sindh recruits women for 1st time in anti-terror dept	For the first time, Pakistan's Sindh government has recruited 46 women in the police's counter-terror department for combat operations and intelligence gathering, according to reports. The women who have been selected after various tests, interviews, and medical examinations will be trained for six months by the country's Army. Notably, less than 2% of Pakistani police officers are women.
Cong leads on 20 seats in Punjab, AAP on 12: Initial trends	As the counting of votes begins in Punjab, the initial trends show that Amarinder Singh-led Congress is leading on 20 seats in the state while Aam Aadmi Party is leading on 12 seats. The initial trends are out for almost 40 seats out of the total 117 seats. Furthermore, Amarinder is leading by 3500 votes from Patiala (Urban) constituency.
Lawyer slams Julian Assange over statement on rape case	"A lawyer acting for the woman who made rape allegations against WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange has accused him of ""violating"" her client in the media. This comes after Assange released a public statement giving details of his relationship with the rape accuser. Assange said he released the statement because he wanted people to know ""how abusive"" the process has been."
Fine of ?4 lakh imposed on 13 families for open defecation	"A local government body in Raisen district, Madhya Pradesh has imposed a fine of nearly ?4 lakh on 13 families for open defecation. The violators continued to defecate in the open even though a toilet was built in every house, panchayat official Rima Ansari said. ""These villagers had been warned on several occasions,"" she added."
Nawazuddin's first look from short film 'Carbon' unveiled	Nawazuddin Siddiqui's first look from the upcoming short film 'Carbon' has been released. The film also stars Jackky Bhagnani and Prachi Desai and focuses on environmental issues like global warming and climate change. Written and directed by Maitrey Bajpai, the film will feature Nawazuddin in the role of a man from the planet Mars.
Gujarat to get India's first high-speed rail training centre	A training centre for high-speed trains will be built in Gujarat's Gandhinagar at a cost of ?600 crore, and is expected to start operating by 2020, the National High Speed Rail Corporation (NHSRC) has said. It also has a sample bullet train track for testing. Over 4,000 rail engineers are expected to be trained by 2020.
FBI probing hate crimes against Indians in US: Swaraj	"Speaking in the Parliament on the race attacks on Indians in the United States, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Wednesday said the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is investigating the hate crimes. ""I have talked to the families of Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Deep Rai. I have also raised these issues with the highest authorities in the US,"" she added."
Pic of SRK, Salman from upcoming film's set surfaces online	A picture of Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan from the sets of Aanand L Rai's upcoming film has surfaced online. Salman will be part of a dance sequence in the yet to be titled film. As per reports, Shah Rukh will portray the role of a dwarf in the film, which will also star Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma.
JD(U) slams Modi for making cow an agenda to polarise votes	"The JD(U) has slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for making cow a national agenda to polarise votes. ""PM has had to appeal the gau rakshaks for the second time not to kill people in the name of cow... PM was not interested in gau seva but polarisation of votes in the name of gau,"" JD(U) spokesperson Neeraj Kumar said."
Westworld, Saturday Night Live receive most Emmy nominations	The HBO series Westworld and the comedy show Saturday Night Live have received 22 nominations at this year's Emmy Awards. Westworld actors Sir Anthony Hopkins and Evan Rachel Wood were nominated for Outstanding lead actor and actress in a drama. Indian-American actor Aziz Ansari has been nominated in the Outstanding lead actor in a comedy category for Master of None.
Nitish-BJP alliance unfortunate, against mandate: Sharad	"Senior JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav on Monday termed party chief Nitish Kumar's decision to join hands with the BJP again as unfortunate and against the people's mandate. ""I don't agree with the decision in Bihar. It is unfortunate. The mandate of the people (2015 Bihar Assembly Polls) was not for this,"" he added."
AAP MLA from Bawana Ved Prakash joins BJP	"Ahead of civic polls in Delhi, AAP MLA from Bawana Ved Prakash on Monday joined BJP in the presence of BJP's Delhi unit chief Manoj Tiwari. ""I haven't joined BJP for any position, but to work with PM Narendra Modi and seek his blessings,"" Prakash said. ""He was fed up of corruption and nepotism within AAP,"" Tiwari tweeted."
Burhan Wani's posters, ISIS & Pakistan flags appear in J&K	Fresh clashes took place in Jammu and Kashmir on Monday after several students put out posters of slain Hizbul commander Burhan Wani on the administrative block of the Pulwama degree college. While some students hoisted flags of Pakistan and terror outfit ISIS in the college premises, others also pelted stones at the police.
Raj Babbar offers to resign as UP Cong Prez after UP defeat	"Raj Babbar has offered to resign from the post of Uttar Pradesh Congress chief after the poor performance of his political party in Assembly elections. ""I could not live up to the expectation. I was given responsibility but I could not fulfil it, I accept it,"" he said. Notably, the Congress won just seven of the 105 seats it contested."
SRK condoles death of man who died at Vadodara station	"Actor Shah Rukh Khan has condoled the death of a person who died during a stampede caused by Khan's arrival at the Vadodara railway station on Monday night. ""It's unfortunate, my prayers are with the family of the deceased,"" said Shah Rukh. The man reportedly died of suffocation during the stampede. Police resorted to lathi-charge to disperse the crowd."
Kaneria appeals to PCB tribunal to reopen his fixing case	Former Pakistan leg-spinner Danish Kaneria, serving a life ban for spot-fixing, has appealed to the cricket authorities to have his case revisited by the inquiry tribunal set-up to probe into the allegations against Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif. Kaneria said his case was decided in the UK and he remained unsatisfied with the way the hearings were heard.n
Mud slide delays train services on Konkan Railway route	Train services on the Konkan Railway route were held up for more than two hours on Friday due to a mud slide caused by heavy rain. The mud slide happened between the Kanakavali and Oros stations and affected the plying schedule of four trains. The track is likely to be open for traffic soon, officials said.
Tiger Shroff, Nawazuddin's 'Munna Michael' hits the theatres	"Tiger Shroff and Nawazuddin Siddiqui starrer 'Munna Michael', which released on Friday, is ""a film where everybody would look disinterested and jump on a chance to break into a song,"" wrote HT. NDTV called it ""a mixed-genre monstrosity that never hits any kind of rhythm,"" while Koimoi wrote, ""The script...lacks purpose"". It was rated 1/5 (HT) and 1.5/5 (NDTV, Koimoi)."
Northeast floods death toll rises to 80; 17 lakh displaced	"As many as 80 people have lost their lives, while 17 lakh have been displaced due to the floods in the country's northeast region. The flood has hit 58 districts in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Manipur. Union Minister Jitendra Singh said that the damage caused by the rains was ""unprecedented"", and has suggested to make essential supplies available."
Mumbai police not to probe Lalit Modi money laundering case	Mumbai police has reportedly refused to probe the money laundering case against former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi, and returned it to Chennai police saying that 'FIR was filed in Chennai'. Seven years after the FIR, Chennai police in June transferred the case to Mumbai saying that as Mumbai police has territorial jurisdiction, it can conduct speedy investigation of the case.
Rahul meets protesting farmers, blames PM for their plight	"Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi on Friday met Tamil Nadu farmers protesting at Delhi's Jantar Mantar for over two weeks and accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of neglecting the farmers while helping the rich. ""The PM has given debt relief to richest people in the country, why not for the people who have built this country - the farmers,"" he added."
Assam proposes denying govt jobs for those with over 2 kids	The Assam government's draft population policy proposes that people with more than two children should be denied government jobs. The two-child norm would also be applicable for all candidates in elections conducted by the state election commission. The draft also proposed that all girls in the state be given free education up to university level.
Sasikala to decide when she wants to be CM: AIADMK spokesman	AIADMK spokesperson V Maitreyan on Monday said it was up to party chief Sasikala Natarajan to decide when she wanted to take over as Tamil Nadu CM. Notably, it has been a party tradition that the General Secretary serves as the CM when the party is in power. Maitreyan also praised late CM Jayalalithaa calling her an epitome of nationalism.
Braille ballot papers for visually-challenged voters in UP	Braille ballot papers would be provided to 966 visually impaired voters to cast their vote during the first phase of Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections on February 11 in Muzaffarnagar, an official said on Wednesday. District Magistrate DK Singh said such voters have been identified in six constituencies and the Braille ballot papers would be provided in all 1,819 polling booths.
Advani, Joshi agree to face charges in Babri mosque case	Veteran BJP leaders LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi on Thursday agreed to face conspiracy charges in the Babri mosque demolition case if the CBI can produce evidence against them in Raebareli. Earlier, CBI pleaded the Supreme Court to revive the charges against the leaders. Several BJP leaders remain accused of instigating crowds that demolished the Babri mosque in 1992.
Plea filed against Rajinikanth's Tamil film over its story	"A producer filed a petition claiming the title and story of Rajinikanth's upcoming film 'Kaala Karikaalan' belongs to him. Further, he claimed that the film's title has been registered with the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce, and alleged that the chamber is misusing rules to ""favour influential people"". He asked the court to restrain the film's makers from shooting."
Donald Trump administration backs India's bid for NSG seat	"The US on Wednesday said it is working with India and Nuclear Supplies Group (NSG) members to push for New Delhi's membership to the group. ""The United States supports India's full membership in the four multilateral export control regimes, and we believe that India is ready for NSG membership,"" a US State Department spokesperson said."
TDP MLA claims to be B Com graduate with Maths, Physics	"Telugu Desam Party MLA Jaleel Khan, who represents Vijayawada west constituency, has in an interview to a news portal reportedly claimed that he graduated in Commerce, but had Physics and Mathematics as subjects. As per the report, he further claimed to have always secured 100 out of 100 marks in every Maths examination. ""Commerce is nothing but Mathematics,"" he added."
I fear for my life: RJD man who failed to defend Lalu on TV	A worker of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), who failed to defend Lalu Prasad Yadav on a TV debate, has said that he fears for his life now. Sanoj Yadav had appeared on a TV debate during which he couldn't put up a defence for Lalu in the corruption and benami cases. He was beaten by Lalu's son later.
Will cut your heads, hang them in J&K: Militants to Hurriyat	"A leader of militant outfit Hizbul Mujahideen has warned Hurriyat leaders that their heads will be chopped off and hung in Srinagar's Lal Chowk. This comes after Hurriyat had said the struggle by people in Kashmir is a political struggle and not a religious one. The message, which was delivered through a video clip, called the separatist leaders as ""infidels""."
Over ?4 cr allocated to revive Delhi's Walled City Museum	"The Culture Ministry has allocated ?4.22 crore for the restoration and revival of Delhi's Walled City Museum. The museum, which was inaugurated in 2004, has been locked for almost a decade due to negligence. The project, initiated by Union Sports Minister Vijay Goel, aims to develop the museum as a ""one-stop destination"" for studying the culture of the Walled City."
Facebook shuts AI system after bots speak their own language	Facebook has shut down one of its Artificial Intelligence systems after chatbots programmed to converse in English started speaking in their own language. Using machine learning algorithms, the bots were allowed to converse freely to strengthen their conversational skills. However, they began to deviate from the scripted norms and started speaking a new language created without human input.
Niti Aayog cites 'fragile finances' for Air India sale	"Niti Aayog cited Air India's ""fragile finances"" as the main reason for recommending its disinvestment, Union Minister Jayant Sinha informed the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. ""Niti Aayog... says that further support to an unviable non-priority company in a matured and competitive aviation sector would not be the best use of scarce financial resources of the government,"" Sinha added."
Indian women's hockey team reaches HWL Semi-Final quarters	The Indian women's hockey team reached the quarter-finals of the Hockey World League Semi-Final after defeating the Chilean women's team 1-0 on Wednesday. India's Preeti Dubey scored the only goal of the match. The Indian team will next play Argentina on July 16 in the quarter-finals of the tournament.
Smart headlights to help drivers see through rain developed	Researchers have developed technology for smart car headlights that let drivers see through heavy rain or snow. The system tracks motion of raindrops and then applies an algorithm to predict where those particles will be a few moments later. It then deactivates light beams that would reflect off the particles in their predicted positions, preventing glare that would distract drivers.
Man arrested for sending obscene messages to TV actress	A 23-year-old man has been arrested for sending obscene messages to television actress Sonarika Bhadoria. She revealed that the man used 25 different numbers to contact her and had been calling her since eight months. Sonarika is known for her portrayal of Goddess Parvati and Adi Shakti in the television serial 'Devon Ke Dev...Mahadev'.
Mulayam's son, his wife declare ?23 cr including Lamborghini	SP founder Mulayam Singh Yadav's daughter-in-law Aparna Yadav and her husband Prateek Yadav have declared assets worth ?23 crore, including a Lamborghini car. Aparna, who filed her nomination from Lucknow Cantonment Assembly seat, declared movable assets worth ?3.27 crore while that of her husband are ?13.41 crore. She also declared that she does not have any vehicles in her name.
Delhi HC allows use of WhatsApp in court proceedings	The Delhi High Court has allowed the use of the social media platform WhatsApp and email in judicial proceedings to issue summons. Recently, the Bombay High Court had served summons through WhatsApp. The court ruled this while hearing a case filed by Tata Sons alleging that unidentified email IDs were used to circulate 'defamatory allegations' against one of its officials.
GST affected entire film industry: Bengali actor Prosenjit	"Bengali actor Prosenjit Chatterjee has said that the recently implemented Goods and Services Tax (GST) has affected not only the Bengali film industry but the entire film industry. He added, ""We in the Bengali film industry cannot do anything alone against GST overnight. So I think we have to find a way out collectively."""
Trump considering pardon for family, aides in Russia probe	"US President Donald Trump has reportedly consulted his advisers on how he can pardon himself, his family and his aides if they face legal action as part of the ongoing Russia probe. The probe is being led by former FBI Director Robert Mueller who vowed that his highest priority would be ""to restore the public's confidence in the FBI""."
Cong leader Sajjan Kumar granted bail in 1984 riots case	A district court in Dwarka, Delhi, on Wednesday granted anticipatory bail to senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar in connection with the 1984 anti-Sikh riots case. He has been asked to cooperate with the investigation agencies and not leave the country without permission. Further, the court asked Sajjan to furnish a personal bond and a surety bond of ?1 lakh each.
Father, son accused of raping teen to use Bible in defence	"A father and son duo from the United States' Ohio, who have been accused of raping a teenage girl repeatedly from 2012 to 2015, want to use the Holy Bible in their defence, reports said. ""We want to use God's holy word to ask questions, questions that we believe are absolutely vital to our case,"" one of the accused said."
Kolkata woman caught for rash driving kisses policeman	A drunk woman who was caught for rash driving started hugging and kissing a policeman after he approached her, Kolkata Police said on Thursday. Other policemen stopped her after seeking the help of another woman nearby. The incident occurred around midnight, and the accused, in her late 30s, was taken to the police station with two other people accompanying her.
Police officer lynched in Srinagar outside a mosque	Deputy Superintendent of Police Ayub Pandit was lynched by a mob outside Jamia Masjid in Jammu and Kashmir's Srinagar on Thursday. While the exact reason was not revealed by the authorities, several reports claim that the incident took place after he was seen filming outside the mosque and opened fire at a group of people that asked him to stop.
Why're people questioning Akshay's N'tnl award: Priyadarshan	"Chairperson of National Film Awards jury Priyadarshan has asked why people are questioning Akshay Kumar's National Award win. He added, ""When Ramesh Sippy was jury head Amitabh Bachchan won. When Prakash Jha was jury head, Ajay Devgn won. No one questioned them."" This comes after numerous social media users attributed Akshay's win to his friendly equation with Priyadarshan."
Modi, Akhilesh failed to stop riots in their states: Owaisi	"AIMIM President Asaduddin Owaisi said both UP CM Akhilesh Yadav and former Gujarat CM Narendra Modi failed to stop riots in their states. ""Riots happened in Muzaffarnagar but the CM failed to provide justice to victims. How does it make him any different from Modi?"" he asked. ""Akhilesh is grabbing Muslim votes by scaring them with BJP's name,"" he added."
DMK's MK Stalin arrested in farmers protest	DMK's Working President MK Stalin was arrested in Tamil Nadu's Thiruvarur today during the day-long statewide bandh called by his party, and supported by other Opposition parties like the Congress, CPM and CPI. The bandh was called in support of the state's drought-hit farmers, who have been demanding a waiver of farm loans among other things.
I will be a big part of it: Karan on SRK's son B'wood debut	"Filmmaker Karan Johar has said that he will be a big part of Shah Rukh Khan's son, Aryan's Bollywood debut, either as his director or a guiding support. ""Aryan is my godchild. Him being launched is like my son being launched,"" Karan added. Aryan is currently pursuing film studies at a Los Angeles-based institution."
Plane escorted by jets was training flight for pilot: Report	"The London-Mumbai Jet Airways flight that was escorted by German fighter jets after it lost contact over European airspace was a training flight for the pilot-in-command, according to reports. The flight lost contact with Air Traffic Control due to a ""frequency goof-up"" and its pilot missed contact attempts on emergency frequency ""due to howling noise,"" the reports added."
BJP sweeps Delhi civic polls with 181 wards out of 270	The Bharatiya Janata Party on Wednesday swept the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) elections, winning 181 out of the total 270 wards of the civic body. While the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) finished second by managing to win 48 wards, the Congress ended up gaining victory in 30 wards. The remaining 11 wards were won by others, including independent candidates.
U'khand: Muslim govt staff to get break for Friday prayers	A special 90-minute break from 12:30 PM till 2:00 PM will be given to government employees belonging to the Muslim community in Uttarakhand for Friday prayers, reports said. The decision was taken at a Cabinet meeting on Saturday, chaired by CM Harish Rawat. This comes ahead of the Uttarakhand state assembly elections scheduled for next year.
43% employees are in the unorganised sector: Govt	"Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya has said that as many as 43% of the country's employees are in the unorganised sector and 4.7 crore of them were in the construction sector. He said efforts are on to enhance wages and provide benefits of PF and insurance to them. ""The Ministry...is committed for the social security of the labour force,"" he added."
Why would I fight with someone asking me for a selfie: Arjun	"Arjun Rampal, while talking about rumours of a brawl with fans over a selfie, said, ""Why would I fight with someone who is asking me for a selfie?"" Arjun added, ""I have always respected my fans and it's because of their love that I am here."" He further said celebrities should always oblige fans asking for selfies or autographs."
Sennheiser launches headphones priced at ?45 lakh in India	German audio company Sennheiser on Thursday launched its HE 1 headphones in India priced at ?45 lakh. The company claims the headphones took nearly a decade to develop and the production is limited to one unit a day. The headphones have gold-vapourised ceramic electrodes, while an accompanying amplifier is made using marble from Italy.
SC closes 9-yr-old case against Govinda for slapping a man	The Supreme Court has closed a nine-year-old case against Govinda for slapping a man named Santosh in 2008. The SC's decision came after the actor tendered an unconditional apology to the complainant and the apex court. The actor had slapped Santosh when he had gone to see Govinda's film shoot and the act was also caught on camera.
Unfair to subject my boyfriend to harsh comments: Ileana	"Ileana D'Cruz has said that it's unfair to subject her boyfriend Andrew to harsh comments just because she is a celebrity. Ileana added, ""He is entitled to his privacy and respect and he deserves both in equal measure...it did affect me when people left harsh comments on my social media posts. But I do give it back to nasty trolls."""
Maha sets no price limit on cars bought by CM, Governor	A new resolution passed by the Maharashtra government stated that the Governor, Chief Minister, Deputy CM, Chief Justice and Lokayukta can buy any car regardless of the cost. Cabinet ministers and ministers of state have been given a limit of ?20 lakh. Whereas for the Chief Secretary and Secretary, the limit is ?15 lakh and ?12 lakh respectively.
Pay ?96 crore for polluting Mumbai river: SC to civic bodies	The Dombivli Industries Association and the Dombivli, Ambernath, and Ulhasnagar municipal bodies will have to pay ?96 crore for polluting the Ulhas river in Thane. The Supreme Court has passed an order vacating an earlier High Court judgement which had put on hold a National Green Tribunal's order asking the bodies to pay the fine to restore the river.
Kvitova to be in French Open 4 months after knife attack	"Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova, who suffered a hand injury in a knife attack during a burglary at her home almost four months back, has entered the draw for the upcoming French Open. Kvitova, however, said, ""this, unfortunately, does not necessarily mean that I will be ready to play in Paris."" The former world number two is currently ranked 14."
Mumbai man arrested for stealing data from a digital company	The Mumbai police on Monday arrested a 60-year-old man for stealing sensitive data from a digital company. He allegedly also tried to blackmail the owner of the company by demanding ?8 crore to withhold the confidential data from a contending company. The police reportedly also found sensitive data of 25 other companies from his apartment.
Prison officials agree VK Sasikala given special treatment	Prison officials in the Public Accounts Committee Meeting of Karnataka Legislative Assembly have agreed that AIADMK leader VK Sasikala was given special treatment in jail. The committee has ordered a probe into the matter asking officials to submit a report within 15 days. Notably, the issue was raised by Karnataka's DIG of Prisons D Roopa who has now been transferred.
Mall refuses entry to children involved in farmers' protests	"DLF Place Mall in Delhi's Saket on Wednesday reportedly denied entry to children from Maharashtra who are here to participate in a farmers' protest. An organisation had taken the children to the mall for a visit but authorities initially refused entry saying they needed ""special permission"". The group included several children whose parents had committed suicide due to agricultural crisis."
AAP must pay ?97 cr for ads projecting Kejriwal: Delhi L-G	"Delhi Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal has directed the Chief Secretary to recover ?97 crore from the Aam Aadmi Party in 30 days for its advertisements projecting Arvind Kejriwal in violation of Supreme Court guidelines. The Comptroller and Auditor General had earlier criticised the AAP government for spending ?29 crore on advertisements outside Delhi, saying it was ""beyond its responsibility""."
Man arrested over abusive tweet after London mosque attack	"Richard Evans, son of a co-owner of the company whose vehicle was used in the recent London mosque attack, has been arrested over a Twitter post. He had tweeted, ""it's a shame they don't hire out tanks,"" after the attack. Evans was arrested ""on suspicion of displaying threatening abusive statement with the intent to stir up racial hatred"", police said."
Air India flight to NY leaves behind all passengers' luggage	An Air India flight to New York, AI 191, that took off from New Delhi carrying 277 passengers, flew to its destination leaving behind luggage of all the passengers. The incident happened on December 17. The airlines reportedly informed the passengers that they will take at least four to five days to bring the luggage to New York.
Kohli fastest Indian captain to hit 1,000 overseas Test runs	Virat Kohli became the fastest Indian captain to score 1,000 runs in overseas Test matches, achieving the milestone in his 17th away Test innings as captain against Sri Lanka on Friday. Kohli surpassed the record of Sachin Tendulkar who had reached the milestone in his 19th innings. Notably, Kohli became the seventh Indian captain to score 1,000-plus overseas Test runs.
National Anthem allegedly insulted in J&K Assembly	The National Anthem was allegedly insulted in the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly on Monday as the Opposition's protest continued even as it was being played. The Opposition was trying to disrupt Governor NN Vohra's address to the joint session of the Assembly. Vohra cut his address short and walked away during the National Anthem, BJP's Ravinder Raina said.
TN farmers protest naked near PMO seeking drought relief	Tamil Nadu farmers on Monday ran naked near PM Narendra Modi's office, demanding ?39,000 crore drought relief fund from the Centre. Reportedly, this comes after they were promised an appointment with Modi but were not allowed to meet him later. These farmers have been sitting on protest since almost a month, holding skulls in hands and live mice in mouths.
Penguin dressed up in red t-shirt on birthday at Mumbai zoo	"Mumbai's Byculla zoo on Friday celebrated the second birthday of Mr Molt, one of the eight penguins brought from South Korea. Mr Molt was dressed in a red t-shirt and was presented a 'fish-and-ice' cake. After some activists spoke against dressing up the penguin, the zoo authorities clarified that the penguin wore the shirt just ""for a few seconds""."
I quit alcohol before it became impossible to stop: Pooja	"Filmmaker Pooja Bhatt has revealed that she was lucky to quit alcohol before it became impossible for her to stop. She added, ""Being the daughter of an alcoholic makes you four times more susceptible to becoming one."" Pooja further said that she's in the pink of health now, except for the weight she has gained.nnnn"
Nithari case accused convicted of murdering 20 yr old woman	Nithari case accused, Moninder Singh Pandher and his domestic help Surinder Koli, were held guilty of the murder and attempted rape of a 20-year-old woman by a CBI court on Saturday. This is one of the several cases against the two, for the serial killings and sexual assaults of multiple women and minor girls at Pandher's Nithari residence in 2006.
Kashmiri scholar leaves BITS Pilani after facing abuses	"Hashim Sofi, a Kashmiri scholar at Birla Institute of Technology & Science (BITS), Pilani in Rajasthan, has left the institute after facing alleged threats and abuses. Sofi alleged that some objectionable messages were written on his hostel room's door and on his T-shirts, which were kept in the balcony. ""Anti-national Kashmiri pervert, no place for you,"" read a message."
6-week training compulsory for engg diploma in Maharashtra	"A Maharashtra education board has introduced a compulsory six-week internship in the last year of diploma engineering courses as part of a new curriculum. Authorities said the new curriculum will provide practical training and ""industry-relevant"" skills to the students. The decision was allegedly taken after the number of admission-seeking students reportedly declined by 38% in the last two years."
National bad bank is not a bad idea: HDFC Bank's Aditya Puri	"HDFC Bank CEO Aditya Puri on Friday backed setting up a national bad bank, saying anything that can help resolve the bad loans problem is welcome. ""The...regulators are coming up with various discussions as to how (to) solve the issue relating to NPAs and that is necessary,"" he said. Other ideas like the Bankruptcy Code should also help, Puri added."
Snake falls from ceiling, remains undiscovered for 2 days	"The owner of a gym in Australia discovered that a snake was living in her gym for two days. It had fallen from the ceiling after finishing a meal. The owner came to know about the snake's presence after she was informed by the gym cleaner. ""He was really well behaved actually because he was so full,"" said the owner."
2 AAP MLAs cross voted for Kovind in Delhi Assembly	In addition to four BJP MLAs, two AAP MLAs from the 70-member Delhi Vidhan Sabha also voted for the NDA backed presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind, who won the polls on Thursday. Prior to the polls, AAP had announced support to the opposition's candidate Meira Kumar. The two MLAs who cross-voted are suspected to be among the few suspended legislators.
It was silly of me: Dhanush on walking out of TV interview	"Actor-filmmaker Dhanush, while discussing how he walked out of a television interview said, ""It was silly of me, I am generally a calm person, but I did react in a way I shouldn't have."" Dhanush explained that he didn't want to answer the question posed by the journalist on the Suchi leaks controversy, regarding private pictures of celebrities being leaked."
Puducherry passes resolution to cut powers of L-G Kiran Bedi	"The Puducherry Assembly on Friday passed a resolution, seeking curtailment of the powers granted to Lieutenant Governor Kiran Bedi. The resolution came nearly a week after Chief Minister V Narayanasamy appealed Ministry of Home Affairs to resolve the governance crisis in Puducherry. Narayanasamy has accused the former IPS of ""running a parallel government"" in Puducherry."
Were Bose?s comrades freedom fighters or army deserters: CIC	The Central Information Commission has ordered the Home Ministry to answer whether Indian National Army soldiers, who supported Subhas Chandra Bose, were freedom fighters or army deserters. An RTI has sought details on the status of INA soldiers. MHA should answer whether it was ready to provide same benefits such as pension to the INA soldiers, said CIC.
Saif's daughter Sara to make acting debut opposite Sushant	"Saif Ali Khan's daughter Sara Ali Khan will make her acting debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in 'Kedarnath', directed by Abhishek Kapoor. It was earlier rumoured that Sara would make her Bollywood debut with Karan Johar's 'Student of the Year 2'. Saif while talking about Sara's willingness to join the industry,  had said, ""Who's to blame, it's in her genes."""
Alibaba paid $3.4 bn in taxes, created 30 mn jobs last year	Chinese e-commerce major Alibaba has said that it paid over $3.4 billion in taxes in 2016, up 33% from last year and created 30 million new jobs in the country. Alibaba added that service providers on its Taobao and Tmall shopping platforms had registered a 142% growth in income year on year as of September 30.
SP leader Abu Azmi slams Suchitra for her Azaan tweet	"Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi has slammed singer-actor Suchitra Krishnamoorthi for her tweet wherein she described the morning Azaan played on loudspeakers as ""extreme imposed religiosity"". He said, ""Those who...drink at 2 am in parties in hotels, and sit with their arms on shoulders of strange men and talk, who have spoilt Indian culture have suddenly started criticising [Azaan]."""
Akshay equals SRK's number of ?100 cr films with Jolly LLB 2	With 'Jolly LLB 2' becoming actor Akshay Kumar's seventh film to earn over ?100 crore, he equalled the number of ?100 crore films that Shah Rukh Khan has. 'Jolly LLB 2' was also Akshay's 4th consecutive ?100 crore film after 'Airlift', 'Housefull 3' and 'Rustom'. The film entered the ?100 crore club on the twelfth day of its release.
Record for highest last-wicket Test stand was set vs India	The record for the highest last-wicket partnership in Test cricket was set on July 12 by England's James Anderson and Joe Root while facing India in 2014. The duo added 198 runs for the final wicket, as it became the only Test match to feature two century 10th-wicket partnerships. Notably, Anderson's 81-run innings is his Test career's only 50+ score.
I've been a possessive girlfriend in the past: Shraddha	"Shraddha Kapoor has said that she was a possessive girlfriend in the past but she now wants to give space and allow her partner to do what he wants. ""Earlier, I was like my man should have a good sense of humour, a sense of adventure... now I realise that love can happen with anyone,"" added Shraddha."
Maharashtra announces free insurance scheme for legislators	The Maharashtra government has launched a scheme to cover medical insurance of up to ?10 lakh of 335 sitting legislators, 837 former legislators, and their families. This is reportedly aimed at curbing the use of fake bills in the medical reimbursement scheme the legislators were covered under earlier. The insurance scheme will cost the state almost ?10 crore a year.
First look of Shraddha, Arjun starrer 'Half Girlfriend' out	The first look of the Shraddha Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor starrer upcoming romantic comedy film 'Half Girlfriend' has been released. The film is based on the novel of the same name written by Chetan Bhagat. Arjun will play the character 'Madhav Jha' while Shraddha will portray 'Riya Somani'. Directed by Mohit Suri, the film will release on May 19.
Want to bowl carrom-ball with Ashwin-like accuracy: Deepti	"Indian women's cricket team all-rounder Deepti Sharma has said that Ravichandran Ashwin is her role-model and she wants to bowl the ""carrom-ball with Ashwin-like accuracy"". ""I keep watching Ashwin's videos and try to learn from his variations,"" she added. Deepti Sharma picked up 12 wickets and scored 216 runs in the recently concluded Women's World Cup."
Phogat sisters slam Kaur for belittling father's martyrdom	"Wrestlers Geeta and Babita Phogat have condemned Gurmehar Kaur after her picture with a placard which read, ""Pakistan did not kill my father. War killed him"" went viral. ""If you speak against nation, people will obviously not like it,"" said Geeta. ""Kaur's view that her father was killed by war...was wrong...It's against our nation & martyrs,"" said Babita."
Fake 'CBI' men steal jewellery worth ?20L in Delhi	A group of six men posing as Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officers stole jewellery worth ?20 lakh from a jeweller's house in Delhi's Karol Bagh area. The thieves entered the residence on the pretext of a CBI raid and held the jeweller's four-year-old grandson at gun-point as they ransacked the house.
Protest at Chennai's Marina Beach over Jallikattu ban	Several protesters sat throughout the night at Marina Beach in Chennai, demanding the continuation of bull-taming sport Jallikattu and a ban on animal rights group PETA. Further, lawyers in Namakkal district have announced a boycott of courts in protest. Notably, the Supreme Court had banned Jallikattu in May 2014 by terming it as cruelty to animals.
UP must get rid of SCAM - SP, Cong, Akhilesh & Mayawati: PM	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said Uttar Pradesh must get rid of SCAM - Samajwadi Party, Congress, Akhilesh Yadav, and Mayawati - in the Assembly elections. ""UP made me PM, now I've to repay the debt...Even if I try and help UP from Delhi, if the state government has no intention, the money will go somewhere else,"" he added."
India remains one of fastest-growing nations in world: US	"The US has stated that India remains one of the fastest-growing countries in the world while also underlined that inefficiencies remain in India's public sector. ""India remains one of the fastest-growing countries in the world, with real GDP expanding at 7.3% in the four quarters through 2016: Q3,"" said the Economic Report of the President for the year 2017."
Maha hikes compensation for rape survivors to ?10 lakh	The Maharashtra government has decided to increase the compensation for rape and acid attack survivors from ?3 lakh to ?10 lakh. Adding that the compensation was categorised for different cases, officials said the maximum compensation will be provided to survivors of the most horrific acts of violence, leading to physical and mental disability.
Was told I'm too good looking to look real in films: Kriti	"Actress Kriti Sanon has said that when she was struggling to enter films, somebody told her she was too good-looking and there have to be imperfections for looking real onscreen. She added, ""I think I did feel low, but at the same time, I did have people who believed in me."" Kriti made her Bollywood debut with 2014 film 'Heropanti'."
Tallest Tricolour not hoisted at Indo-Pak border in 3 months	India's tallest Tricolour, which is 360-feet tall, has not been hoisted at the Indo-Pakistan border for the last three months.The flag, which is visible from Pakistan, was taken down in April by the Amritsar administration after it was repeatedly damaged by high-velocity winds. Every time the flag is brought down, it brings 'embarrassment' to all, officials maintaining the flag said.
Will give opinion only if BCCI asks: Kohli on coach debate	Virat Kohli has said that the appointment of Indian team's new coach is in BCCI's control and he and the team will give opinions only if BCCI asks. Kohli added that the team is currently focused entirely on the Windies series and not on anything else. Notably, BCCI will finalise the coach before India's tour of Sri Lanka next month.
ISIS suspect from Bengaluru sentenced to five-year jail term	An ISIS suspect from Bengaluru, who lived with a fake name in Himachal Pradesh's Kullu district church, was sentenced to five-year jail term by an NIA court on Thursday. He was arrested in December 2016 and was on NIA's radar. He confessed working with ISIS' sleeper cell and revealed that some of his plans didn't mature due to insufficient funds.
Tata supports kids to pursue careers in science: Chairman	Tata Sons Chairman N Chandrasekaran has said IT major TCS is committed to encourage millions of children across the globe to pursue careers in science and technology. Chandrasekaran said Tata Group wants to be associated with making contributions to advancement of technologies in every way that it can help. Notably, before being appointed as Tata Sons chairman, Chandrasekaran headed TCS.
Maha to pay farmers ?2.43 cr per acre for land acquisition	The farmers in Khardi village in Thane will get a compensation of ?2.43 crore per acre from the Maharashtra government, for their land acquired for the Mumbai-Nagpur super communication highway project. The compensation for non-agriculture land is higher, in some cases as high as ?12.60 crore to ?18.11 crore for an acre of such land in Khardi and Kasara villages.
Ensure street dogs are not a nuisance while feeding them: HC	"The Delhi High Court has warned two Delhi residents against feeding or sheltering stray dogs in the common area of a private property stating that dogs can ""cause fear and discomfort"" to others living there. Notably, the Supreme Court had earlier ruled that ""stray dogs have a right to live"" over a submission demanding complete elimination of stray dogs."
Solar power plants to be installed in Dilli Haats	"The Delhi government has decided to install solar plants at the city's major art and culture hubs and will start with the Pitampura and Janakpuri Dilli Haats. ""Dilli Haat, Pitampura will almost become power sufficient through this... initiative,"" an official said. Delhi's Solar Policy mandates certain government buildings to generate 5 kW solar power or 15% of the sanctioned load."
Modi is PM because people found him capable: Nitish Kumar	"Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Monday said that Narendra Modi was holding the post of Prime Minister of India because the people of the country found him capable of holding the top position. ""I'm not a fool...not in race for 2019 PM post. I was elected as party (JD-U) president as Sharadji (Yadav) couldn't continue on the post,"" Nitish added."
AAP MLA Prakash Jarwal booked for molestation	An FIR has been registered against AAP MLA Prakash Jarwal for molesting a 53-year-old woman following a quarrel. Jarwal has refuted the charges, alleging that the complaint was 'politically motivated' and the complainant was a BJP worker. Notably, a similar complaint was filed against Jarwal by a Sangam Vihar resident earlier.
AIB's Tanmay shares PM's old tweet on humour after meme row	"After Mumbai Police filed an FIR against comedy group All India Bakchod (AIB) for tweeting a meme on PM Narendra Modi, its co-founder Tanmay Bhat shared Modi's old tweet on humour. The tweet, ""We surely need more humour in public life"", was posted by Modi on Twitter on March 17 following the BJP's landslide victory in the Uttar Pradesh Elections."
GST means 'Growing Stronger Together': PM Modi	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said GST (Goods and Services Tax) means 'growing stronger together'. GST shows that good can be achieved when all parties come together and work for the nation, he further said. ""Just as rain brings typical fragrance from the earth, GST's successful launch would give new enthusiasm to the Monsoon Session,"" he added."
Snake bites man, he bites wife so they can die together	A man in Bihar's Samastipur district was bitten by a venomous snake while he was sleeping on Saturday. His health started deteriorating after he woke up and he realised he won't survive. He bit his wife's wrist saying that he wants them both to die together. Although the man died, the woman was saved by doctors.
Christopher Nolan doesn't like water bottles on sets: Mark	"Hollywood actor Mark Rylance has revealed that filmmaker Christopher Nolan doesn't like to have water bottles or chairs on a film's set. He added, ""They're distractions - the noise of [the bottles], they're like toys almost, playing around with toys. [The lack of chairs, meanwhile] keeps you on your toes."" Mark worked with Nolan in the recently released film 'Dunkirk'. nn"
7 new local trains to ply in Mumbai	The Western Railway will introduce 7 new Mumbai local train services in October for commuters travelling between Andheri and Borivali. Two trains will reportedly ply during the morning peak hours and two during the evening. The line between Andheri and Borivali was earlier used for only mail express trains, railway officials said.
Delhi Metro to introduce music on Airport Line	The Delhi Metro is planning to play instrumental music in its stations on the New Delhi-Dwarka Airport Line. An official said the decision was taken after a public survey revealed that 80% people wanted light music in stations. The Metro, which has applied for the required license, will introduce music on other stations and inside trains based on users' feedback.
Want to auction guitar gifted by SRK for charity: Pritam	"Music composer-singer Pritam has said he'd want to auction a guitar gifted to him by Shah Rukh Khan for charity. SRK wrote on Instagram that he gifted it to Pritam before Jab Harry Met Sejal's shooting and Pritam gifted him the film's ""beautiful music"" in return. ""To pass on the goodness, I'd put this on auction for charity,"" commented Pritam."
SRK to play a magician in Salman's 'Tubelight': Reports	As per reports, actor Shah Rukh Khan will play the role of a magician in the Salman Khan starrer upcoming film 'Tubelight'. The co-producer of 'Tubelight', Amar Butala, took to Twitter to confirm that SRK will be a part of the film. Directed by Kabir Khan, 'Tubelight' is set in the backdrop of the 1962 war between China and India.
K'taka Min caught on camera ordering cop to book RSS leader	Karnataka Forest Minister Ramanath Rai has been caught on camera ordering the Dakshina Kannada Superintendent of Police Bhushan Gulabrao Borase to arrest RSS leader Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat over alleged murder of a Panchayat Vice President. While the opposition demanded his resignation for interfering in political investigation, Rai denied having issued specific instructions on Bhat's arrest.
Police stations in UP turning into SP offices: PM Modi	"Prime minister Narendra Modi attacked the SP government for its failure to maintain law and order in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday while addressing a rally in Fatehpur. ?The SC had to intervene to get the FIR registered against Gayatri Prasad Prajapati. Goonda raj is prevailing all over UP and police stations have become Samajwadi Party office,"" he said.n"
Haryana plans to install smog-free towers to curb NCR smog	Considering the high levels of smog in NCR, the Haryana government is in talks with a Holland-based company to set up smog-free towers in Gurugram and Faridabad. Notably, the two districts contribute nearly one-fifth of the air pollution in the region. A smog-free tower is a seven-metre-high air purifier with an effective range of 300 m to 7 km.
I urge PMO to allow EC to act against Parrikar: Kejriwal	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Monday urged the Prime Minister's Office to allow Election Commission to act against Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar for his bribery remarks. Kejriwal also asked if EC will ""dare"" act against Parrikar and Congress leader Amarinder Singh for their remarks. Parrikar and Singh reportedly asked voters to take money but vote for their respective parties."
Next surgical strike will be different: New Army Chief	"The newly appointed Indian Army Chief General Bipin Rawat on Monday said the next surgical strike will be of a different manner and style. Adding that anti-India militants have changed their strategy post the September surgical strikes, Rawat said, ""We will surprise the enemy."" Referring to Pathankot, Uri and Nagrota attacks, he cautioned that security forces must not drop guard."
Salman, Katrina to star together in upcoming film: Report	According to reports, Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif will star together in an upcoming Karan Johar film. The filmmaker wants to feature the duo as he finds their chemistry sizzling, said a source close to Johar's production house. Salman and Katrina have previously worked together in movies Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya, Partner and Ek Tha Tiger.
Chapecoense win first title since Colombia air crash	Brazilian football club Chapecoense won their first title since their squad was involved in a tragic plane crash in November 2016 that killed 71 people. Chapecoense defeated Joinville 2-0 to clinch the Sandro Pallaoro Cup. As many as 19 Chapecoense players and most of the club's staff had died when their chartered plane crashed into a hillside in Colombia.
16 yrs since Laxman and Dravid's 376-run stand against Aus	Former Indian batsmen VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid constructed a 376-run stand against Australia on March 14, 2001, which is widely considered one of Test cricket's best partnerships in a follow-on innings. Laxman went on to score 281 runs, India's then highest individual Test score, helping India end Australia's 16-match-long world record winning streak.
Bus service between Poonch, PoK stopped amid tension at LoC	The Indian authorities have stopped the bus service between Poonch and Rawalakot in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir after tensions along the LoC escalated as Pakistan continued to violate ceasefire. As per the understanding between Indian and Pakistan governments, the Paigam-e-Aman bus service operates between the two areas and exchange of citizens takes place on the basis of permit system every Monday.
Tirupati Laddu caused ?140 cr annual loss for last 3 years	The Tirupati Laddu caused an annual loss of over ?140 crore to the temple administration of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam for the last three years. The loss was owed to its subsidised price and free distribution to devotees, according to reports. The laddu is being sold at a price of ?25 per piece while its actual cost was ?32.50, reports said.
IIT-Delhi faces shortage of rooms for its female students	IIT-Delhi saw a 30% increase in the number of female students for its undergraduate and masters courses, but there is severe shortage of rooms for them. As a temporary arrangement, several students have been accommodated in the building meant for associate professors. Reportedly, some students were asked to sleep on the mattress spread on floor due to unavailability of cots.n
Maha farmers demand ?1 cr per hectare for refinery project	Farmers in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg have asked the Maharashtra government to hike land acquisition rate for the West Coast Refinery and Petrochemical project to ?1 crore per hectare. The farmers reportedly justified their demand by quoting the ?1 crore acquisition rate in Mumbai-Goa highway project and ?52 lakh to ?5.2 crore per hectare rate in Mumbai-Nagpur expressway project.
Himesh Reshammiya's divorce with wife of 22 years finalised	"Singer Himesh Reshammiya and his wife Komal, who had been married for 22 years, finally got their divorce finalised on Wednesday. In December 2016, Himesh and Komal confirmed to the media that they were seeking legal separation. Himesh had earlier said, ""Komal and I have amicably decided to part ways...Komal is and will always remain a part of our family."""
Haryana govt gives ?5L to Jolly LLB 2 actor who has cancer	"The Haryana government has given ?5 lakh to Jolly LLB 2 actor Sitaram Panchal who is suffering from cancer. Filmmaker Ashwini Chaudhary, who had approached Haryana government, thanked the authorities, while adding, ""Other members of the industry are also coming forward to help."" Also known for films like Paan Singh Tomar and Peepli (Live), Sitaram sought financial help on Facebook."
Man stabs 5-yr-old son who asked for ?2 to buy kite	A man stabbed his five-year-old son who had asked for ?2 to buy a kite, leaving the kid severely injured in Varanasi, according to police. The accused, identified as Vinod, works as a tourist guide and was reportedly facing a financial crisis. Currently, the injured boy is undergoing treatment at a private hospital.
SC allows CCTV cameras in courtrooms for 1st time	In an unprecedented move, the Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered the installation of CCTV cameras inside the courtrooms in at least two district courts of all states and Union Territories. The top court, however, made it clear that the footage of the CCTV camera will not be available under the RTI and will be released only on High Courts' direction.
ND Tiwari has not joined party, only his son has: BJP	After reports said that Congress veteran ND Tiwari has joined the BJP ahead of the Uttarakhand Assembly election, the party clarified that only his son Rohit Shekhar has joined. The BJP clarified that ND Tiwari (91), a three-time Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, only accompanied his son and extended his support to the party.
Stokes woke up at 3:30 in the morning to follow IPL auction	English all-rounder Ben Stokes woke up at 3:30 in the morning in England to follow the Indian Premier League auction, which was held on Monday. The English all-rounder was sold to Rising Pune Supergiants for ?14.5 crore, making him the most expensive foreign player sold in any edition of the tournament.
Burglars break into Delhi Dy CM's office, documents stolen	Burglars allegedly broke into Delhi's Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia's office located at Patparganj in East Delhi on Thursday night. According to reports, several documents, letterheads, and computers were allegedly stolen along with CCTV footages. Sisodia is reportedly in the process of shifting his office from Patparganj to Vinod Nagar.
Gaikwad tries different spellings to book Air India tickets	"Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad, who has been banned by several airlines, has reportedly made attempts to book Air India flight tickets by altering the spellings of his name. ""Ravindra Gaikwad, R Gaikwad, Prof V Ravindra Gaikwad and Prof Ravindra Gaikwad has been banned in our system as he tried booking using different abbreviation,"" an Air India official said."
Didn't ask anyone to resign: Nitish Kumar post resignation	After resigning as Bihar's Chief Minister, JD(U)'s Nitish Kumar has clarified that he did not ask for anyone's resignation. This comes after reports suggested that Kumar asked for Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav's resignation over corruption allegations and the RJD leader refused to resign. Kumar added that he only sought a proper explanation on the allegations.
Show price changes after GST via stickers till Sep 30: Govt	The government has allowed the use of stickers with revised rates for pre-packaged items, along with the printed MRP till September 30. The clarification came as several businesses were left with unsold stock as they carried pre-GST rates. However, the printed MRP will have to include the GST rate and no stickers would be allowed after September 30.
Doordarshan plans to replace its logo after 58 years	State-owned broadcaster Doordarshan is planning to change its iconic logo and has issued an invitation asking for entries from the public for logo designs. Doordarshan will take new logo design entries till August 13, 2017 and the winner will be awarded a cash prize of ?1 lakh. It has been sporting the current logo since 1959.
UK, Netherlands biggest channels for tax avoidance: Study	A study has revealed that the UK and Netherlands act as channels of corporate offshore investments from tax havens, with both countries accounting for almost 40% of such investments. Out of the 24 offshore financial centres identified, 18 had links to the UK. Every year multinationals in the EU avoid paying £38-158 billion in taxes using tax havens.
Glass ceiling falls off for 74th time at Chennai Airport	A glass ceiling near Entry Gate 4 at the Chennai Airport fell off for the 74th time this year, according to reports. Notably, the National Human Rights Commission had in April issued notices to the Ministry of Civil Aviation in this regard. The Civil Aviation Ministry has reportedly investigated the airport and asked the authorities to take corrective steps.
RJD chief Lalu Prasad calls PM Modi Indian Trump	"RJD chief Lalu Prasad has slammed PM Narendra Modi for presenting the Union Budget on February 1 despite the death of sitting senior IUML MP E Ahamed. Comparing the PM with US President Donald Trump, Lalu said, ""Modi is Indian Trump. Both are trouble makers."" He further said, ""Presentation of Budget today shows insensitive and inhuman side of the government."""
CRPF foils suicide attack in Kashmir, kills 4 terrorists	CRPF personnel foiled a suicide attack in Bandipora district of Jammu and Kashmir, killing four terrorists who tried to attack their camp on early Monday morning. The heavily armed militants, carrying three petrol bombs, were reportedly trying to burn down the camp. Four AK 47 rifles and over a dozen grenades were recovered from the militants, the police confirmed.
Warren Beatty unsung hero of Oscars night: Oscars producer	"Oscars producer Michael De Luca said that Warren Beatty, who was given the wrong envelope resulting in La La Land's announcement as Best Picture at Oscars, was the night's unsung hero. He added, ""He was showing co-presenter Faye Dunaway the card, like, 'I think a mistake's been made here.'"" They're heroes and completely in the clear for me, he added."
6-month deadline to probe corruption cases on govt employees	The government has changed an over 50-year-old rule by setting a deadline of six months to complete probes in corruption cases involving government employees. It has amended the Central Civil Services (Classification, Control and Appeal) Rules, 1965, in order to speed up investigation in such cases. Earlier, there was no such time frame to complete such enquiries.
UK to send new aircraft carriers to South China Sea	"The UK will send its two new aircraft carriers on ""freedom of navigation"" operations in disputed South China Sea waters, amid increasing tensions between China and UK's ally the US, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said. China claims it enjoys exclusive control over a massive portion of the energy-rich South China Sea while the US considers it international waters."
8 lakh people respond to govt queries on suspicious deposits	"The I-T Department has received responses from 8.38 lakh persons out of the 18 lakh SMS and email queries sent to people for suspicious deposits post demonetisation. The department sent queries to 17.92 lakh people whose tax profiles were ""not in line"" with their cash deposits. The department had sought online responses on sources of cash deposited by these people."
137 police personnel for every 1 lakh people in India: Govt	The country has about 137 police personnel to secure every one lakh people, the government told Parliament on Tuesday. As on January 1, 2016, this figure stood at 180 police personnel for every one lakh people. A total of 298 VIPs and VVIPs are being provided central security cover under various categories, the government added.
'Neem-beer-tree' in Delhi University gives out free liquor	"A tree dubbed the 'neem-beer-tree', located in Delhi University's North Campus, has reportedly been secreting an intoxicating white liquid since November 2016. It reportedly releases 10 litres of the liquid every day, which smells like toddy, the alcoholic sap obtained from palm trees. ""I had two to three glasses of the toddy. It was quite intoxicating,"" stated a labourer."
ISIS on back foot in Afghanistan post leader's death: US	The Islamic State has lost its hold in Afghanistan following the death of its leader Abu Sayed in a US strike, according to the US Department of Defense. Adding that the leader's death has disrupted the terror group's plans to expand its operations in Afghanistan, the Pentagon estimated that the militants do not number more than 1,000.
Burglar arrested in Delhi helped the poor in his village	A 27-year-old Irfan was arrested by Delhi Police from his hometown in Bihar's Pupri district for involvement in 12 burglary cases. He allegedly stole expensive and luxury items from homes in southeast Delhi and organised health camps for the poor in his native village. Irfan had reportedly come to Delhi four years ago in search of a job.
DDLJ show at Maratha Mandir cancelled for 1st time in 22 yrs	Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge's matinee show at Mumbai's Maratha Mandir was cancelled for the first time in 22 years as the cinema hall held the screening of Shraddha Kapoor's film Haseena Parkar's trailer. This also marked the first time that the iconic theatre held a film's trailer screening. The makers chose the venue as Parkar lived close to Maratha Mandir.
Amitabh Bachchan to star in Kabir Khan's next film: Reports	As per reports, actor Amitabh Bachchan will feature in filmmaker Kabir Khan's next project. According to a source, the details of the project are currently being worked out and an announcement will be made once everything is finalised. Khan is currently working on the Salman Khan starrer film 'Tubelight'.
Terrorists attack CRPF convoy in Srinagar, officer martyred	Several terrorists on Saturday opened fire at a Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) convoy near the Army cantonment in Pantha Chowk in J&K's Srinagar and fled towards a school nearby. While a CRPF Sub Inspector has been martyred in the shelling, at least two CRPF jawans and a civilian have been injured. The attack has been claimed by Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Kapil Sharma hospitalised after complaining of uneasiness	"Comedian Kapil Sharma was hospitalised on Wednesday, after he complained of uneasiness while shooting for an upcoming episode of his show. The shooting of the show was also cancelled. Reports suggest Kapil was feeling unwell as his blood pressure had shot up. ""There's nothing to worry. He's fine now,"" said comedian Kiku Sharda, who's also a part of Kapil's show. n"
Delhi airport crossed 50-million passenger mark in 2016	With over 55 million fliers in 2016, the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi crossed the 50-million passenger mark in a year for the first time, according to reports. Notably, it also broke its own record of highest number of flight movements in one hour when it handled 82 flights in 60 minutes on November 16.
Hizbul militant Bhat hid for 10 hrs during encounter: Report	Slain Hizbul commander Sabzar Ahmad Bhat remained in hiding for nearly 10 hours without firing a single bullet at the troops during the encounter, Army sources said. Bhat, who succeeded Burhan Wani, also sent text messages from his handset to gather a crowd of stone-pelters at the encounter site to provide him cover, the sources added.
Tonic water firm Founder earns ?602 crore on selling shares	Charles Rolls, the Co-founder of upmarket tonic water maker Fever-Tree, sold a stake of around 4% in the company for £73 million (around ?602 crore). Rolls cashed in the shares that have risen over 50% this year alone and are currently up 924% since its IPO in late 2014. After the sale, Rolls still owns around 11.2% of the company.
Would give Deepika a big kiss if I was Ranveer: Tiger Shroff	"Actor Tiger Shroff has said that if he woke up as Ranveer Singh, he would give Deepika Padukone a big kiss. ""I'd... tell her that no matter how many kisses I have done in Befikre, the most special is with you,"" said Tiger. He was responding to host Karan Johar's question on the talk show 'Koffee With Karan'."
Smoking likely to kill 80 lakh people a year by 2030: WHO	Smoking will kill one third more people by 2030 than it does now, according to a study by the World Health Organization and the US National Cancer Institute. Additionally, the number of tobacco-related deaths is projected to increase from 60 lakh annually to 80 lakh. Smoking costs the global economy more than $1 trillion a year, the study added.
Drinking water standards have improved in India: WWC	"As per a survey conducted by the World Water Council (WWC), 71% Indians believe the standard of drinking water in India has improved in the last five years. ""I think Mr Modi is very much concerned with water and sanitation issues. He has even appointed a special secretary to deal with the Ganga river cleanup,"" said WWC President Benedito Braga.n"
Don't care if actors take drugs, but kids shouldn't: Rana	"Actor Rana Daggubati, while speaking about Hyderabad drug racket case, has said he isn't bothered about actors taking drugs as they're adults, but he's worried about school children taking drugs. ""When youngsters who don't have a mind of their own are doing drugs, it scares me,"" he added. Rana further said it's something that needs to be taken more seriously."
UK Foreign Secy jokes Maori greeting could start pub fight	"UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson likened a traditional Maori greeting, hongi, to a head butt while visiting indigenous leaders in New Zealand. He said hongi which involves two people pressing their noses together ""might be misinterpreted in a pub in Glasgow"". Boris is visiting New Zealand as Britain aims to strengthen ties with it in preparation for Brexit."
Cong complains to EC against BJP on Sharmila's claim	Congress on Wednesday lodged a complaint with the Election Commission against BJP for allegedly offering to finance the poll campaign of Independent candidate Irom Sharmila in Manipur. The party demanded a thorough probe into the allegations and strict action including criminal prosecution. Notably, Sharmila had accused BJP of offering her ?36 crore for her campaign.
UK teen marries IS fighter over Skype, tries plotting attack	A British teenage girl who allegedly married an Islamic State militant over Skype has been accused of plotting a terror attack in the UK, reports said. Indoctrinated by extremist ideology, the girl reportedly tried to get a gun and grenade. The teenager is accused of received instructions on how to use the weapons allegedly between December 2016 and April 2017.
Bomb found in Uttar Pradesh Assembly, CM calls for NIA probe	"An explosive substance was found inside the Uttar Pradesh Assembly on Wednesday, following which a high-level meeting was called by CM Yogi Adityanath. Around 60 grams of white powder was found, which was later found to contain explosive substance PETN upon checking. Meanwhile, Adityanath has called for an NIA probe into the incident, saying it ""could be a terror conspiracy."""
Japan hockey team threatened in Lucknow by gun-bearing goons	Japan's hockey team, playing the junior World Cup in Lucknow, were threatened by rifle-bearing goons post their match on Friday. As per reports, the team bus overtook a car, after which the goons intercepted the bus and pointed rifles at the driver. All teams have been provided police escorts, but the Japanese team's security was reportedly separated due to traffic.
Can't take Kejriwal for granted, admits Capt Amarinder	"Congress' chief ministerial candidate for Punjab, Captain Amarinder Singh, has admitted his party can't take AAP Convenor Arvind Kejriwal for granted. ""Kejriwal is a sneaky little fellow but I'm little wary of him as we can't take him for granted considering 2014 polls,"" he stated. There was resentment among people, so they thought of a new party (AAP), he added."
Thought it was late April fool's joke: Akshay on N'tnl Award	"Actor Akshay Kumar has said that when he got to know about his National Award win, he first thought that it was a late April fool's joke. He added, ""I've won this award with honesty. I have never cheated or made a call to anyone to win an award."" Akshay further said better late than never on his win.nn"
SS Rajamouli bigger than Khans, Roshans, Chopras: RGV	"Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma tweeted that SS Rajamouli, director of film franchise 'Baahubali', is bigger than all Khans, Roshans and Chopras. ""Like world was divided into BC and AD (before death of Christ and after) Indian cinema is going to be BB and AB (before Bahubali and after),"" he tweeted further. Baahubali 2 reportedly released on 6,500 screens in India."
First article of impeachment filed against Donald Trump	Democratic Representative Brad Sherman filed the first formal article of impeachment against US President Donald Trump on Wednesday. He accused Trump of committing obstruction of justice by firing former FBI Director James Comey amid a probe into Russian interference in the polls. Congress can remove presidents if enough lawmakers vote saying they committed crimes including treason and bribery.
Deepika to replace Varun as lead in Badlapur sequel: Reports	According to reports, actress Deepika Padukone will replace actor Varun Dhawan for the lead role in the sequel to 2015 film 'Badlapur'. According to a source, Badlapur producer Dinesh Vijan has discussed the film's concept with Deepika and she has loved it. While the script isn't ready yet, Deepika will have a character-driven role in the sequel, added the source.
Nothing unconstitutional in cow slaughter ban: Kerala HC	The Kerala High Court on Wednesday said there is no need to interfere with the Centre's ban on sale of cattle for slaughter as it doesn't violate the Constitution. The HC made the statement while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) which sought to quash the notification on ban of sale of cattle for slaughter.
Religious leader with 25 wives convicted of polygamy	Two religious leaders in Canada, including one with 25 wives and 146 children, have been found guilty of polygamy and face five years in prison in a landmark ruling. The two men are senior figures in a Mormon sect that allows polygamy. They couldn't be prosecuted earlier over concerns that the anti-polygamy law violated Canadians' constitutional right to religious freedom.
Modi not aware of history: Sibal on PM's comment on Indira	"After PM Narendra Modi claimed that Indira Gandhi didn't implement demonetisation despite recommendation, Congress leader Kapil Sibal said, ""Modi isn't aware of India's history."" ""For the PM to say that Congress is bigger than the country proves that he isn't aware of the history of India. His party's people were against Congress which was fighting the freedom war,"" Sibal added."
Govt approves renaming of Ganda, Kinnar villages in Haryana	The central government has approved the renaming of two villages in Haryana, after complaints from villagers. The Ganda village has been renamed to Ajit Nagar and Kinnar has been renamed to Gaibi Nagar. A teenage girl from Ganda had written to PM Narendra Modi, saying that the villagers were embarrassed to use the village name, which means 'dirty' in English.
Wanting MSD to bat, crowd chants 'Saurabh Tiwary haye haye'	"Spectators jeered batsman Saurabh Tiwary during Jharkhand's Vijay Hazare Trophy match against Services in Kalyani on Tuesday, since they wanted to see his teammate MS Dhoni bat. Saurabh, who scored 102*, was subjected to chants of 'Saurabh Tiwary haye haye' since he was not getting out. ""We must understand that they're emotional as Mahi bhai never played here,"" said Saurabh."
Amit Shah holds meeting at Goa Airport, man files complaint	"BJP President Amit Shah on Sunday addressed a public meeting at Goa International Airport, following which a lawyer filed a complaint terming it a ""gross abuse of power."" Hundreds of people including Goa CM Manohar Parrikar attended the meeting, which was right outside the airport. A congregation of people outside airports is barred by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation."
People saw 'Nagina', what's the issue with TV shows: Shastri	"Television actress Narayani Shastri has said that if audiences saw Sridevi's 'Nagina' several times when it released, then what is the problem with such shows on television. She added, ""People who find the naagin concept regressive, ask them if they watch international shows on vampires."" However, Narayani further said that the quality of such Indian shows can be improved.nn"
Who is Air Marshal BS Dhanoa, the new Air Force chief?	The new chief of Air Staff, BS Dhanoa, had joined in the IAF in 1978 as a fighter pilot. Dhanoa, who is a Qualified Flying Instructor, commanded a fighter squadron and flew several strike missions during the Kargil War. In recognition of his meritorious services, he has been awarded Yudh Seva Medal, Vayusena Medal and the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal.
Bihar class 12 topper missing after results, scam suspected	The Bihar Board class 12 Humanities topper Ganesh Kumar is untraceable since the results were declared on Tuesday. According to a report, his birth year in the admission form is 1993, making him 24 years old. The form mentions only his permanent address, 250 kilometres away from school. Moreover, he secured 65/70 in Music practical and 18/30 in theory.
Two other Gujarat MLAs quit Congress to join BJP	Gujarat MLAs Mansingh Chouhan and Chhanabhai Chaudhary have quit Congress to join BJP on Friday, a day after three other MLAs had quit the party and joined BJP. The resignations come days after senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela was sacked from the party. Notably, Gujarat Assembly elections for the 182-member House will be held by the end of this year.
TMC MLA seen talking on phone during National Anthem	Trinamool Congress (TMC) MLA Vaishali Dalmiya was caught on a camera talking on her mobile phone while the National Anthem was being played at a sports event in Howrah, West Bengal. Vaishali, the daughter of Board of Cricket Council of India's Late President Jagmohan Dalmiya, was attending Football tournament Commissioner Cup which was organised by Belur Police Station.
With 40,917 film screens, China overtakes US for first time	With 40,917 film screens in Chinese mainland cinemas, China has overtaken the US for the first time as the total number of screens in America stood at 40,759. The State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television's film bureau on December 20 shared this data. In box office earnings, China currently ranks second after Hollywood while Bollywood stands third.
Not quitting as BJP President: Amit Shah	"Bharatiya Janata Party chief Amit Shah on Monday said he would not quit from the post of party President even if elected to the Rajya Sabha from Gujarat. ""I am very happy with my job and discharging my responsibilities with full devotion,"" he added. Shah filed his nomination papers for the upcoming Rajya Sabha polls on Friday."
Indian royal families to present traditional cuisine	Twenty Indian royal families will present their traditional cuisine as part of the three-day 'Dine with Royalty' event in New Delhi in October. Six luxury tents, capable of seating 35 diners each, will represent the heritage of princely states. There will also be special performances by local artistes of each region.
Govt mandates GPS installation in all phones from Jan 2018	The Telecom department has made it mandatory for all phones, including feature phones, to install Global Positioning System (GPS) from January 1, 2018. The order aims to ensure consumers' safety as GPS can help locate them in emergency situations. The industry, however, warned that the decision might raise the prices of feature phones by over 30%.
Housing society bans Bangladeshi maids after mob violence	"After a mob pelted stones at Mahagun Moderne Society in Noida Sector 78 for alleged beating of a maid, the residents have decided not to allow Bangladeshi maids in the premises. ""Every individual in the society is scared after Wednesday?s incident. There is no way they can trust the Bangladeshi domestic helps anymore,"" said a resident."
T'gana hospital turns away pregnant women saying no doctors	Several pregnant women protested outside a government hospital in Telangana on Tuesday after being asked to go to a hospital located an hour's drive away. Reportedly, this was because there were no available gynaecologists to deliver the babies or offer medical treatment. The protest ended after the police reached the spot and the women received reassurance by the hospital's superintendent.
Salvador Dali's moustache intact three decades after death	"Experts who exhumed late artist Salvador Dali's body have revealed his moustache remains intact, nearly three decades after his death. Narcis Bardalet said, ""His moustache is still intact, (like clock hands at) 10 past 10, just as he liked it."" His body was exhumed to settle a paternity case, wherein a woman claimed her mother and Dali had an affair."
UK's top paid CEO's payout plunges by ?185 crore in a year	Martin Sorrell, CEO of world's largest advertising and public relations company WPP, was awarded a payout of over $62 million (?400 crore) in 2016. The payout was around 32% less from the $91 million (?585 crore) he received in 2015, one of the biggest in UK's corporate history. With this, Sorrell has received $272 million in total remuneration since 2012.
Kangana, Shahid, Saif starrer 'Rangoon' hits the theatres	"The Kangana Ranaut, Shahid Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan starrer 'Rangoon' is ""gorgeous-looking with great cinematography, fantastic sound design and marvellous choreography,"" wrote India Today. ""[O]ddly written characters don't let it become an engaging watch,"" said Hindustan Times. The Times of India wrote that ""some scenes feel tedious"". It has been rated 2/5 (HT) and 3.5/5 (TOI, India Today)."
Email prankster fooled fired Trump media chief thrice	"A self-styled email prankster, known as @SINON_REBORN on Twitter, has fooled recently-fired White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci thrice. The prankster fooled Scaramucci by posing as recently-fired Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, as a Russian envoy and finally as one of his friends. The prankster said he targeted Scaramucci because he had used mental health issues as a ""put down""."
I'm blessed that you even know I exist: Ranveer to Amitabh	"In a Twitter conversation with actor Amitabh Bachchan, Ranveer Singh wrote, ""I'm blessed that you even know I exist!"" Ranveer wrote this after Amitabh complained about him not replying to his SMS birthday greetings. Ranveer tweeted further, ""Except that I TOTALLY replied! I just cross checked it too! You were in fact one of the first to even wish!"""
Bhubaneswar to host men's Hockey World Cup 2018	Odisha's capital Bhubaneswar will host the men's Hockey World League Final 2017 and World Cup 2018, the International Hockey Federation (FIH) confirmed on Monday. Odisha will be the title sponsor of both the events, with the official event titles being 'Odisha Men's Hockey World League Final Bhubaneswar 2017' and 'Odisha Hockey Men's World Cup Bhubaneswar 2018'.
Malayalam actress Bhavana gets engaged to producer Naveen	Malayalam actress Bhavana got engaged to Kannada film producer Naveen in a private ceremony in Thrissur on Thursday. Trade analyst Ramesh Bala took to Twitter to share a picture from the ceremony, which was also attended by actresses Manju Warrier and Samyuktha Varma. The couple reportedly met on the sets of 2012 Kannada film 'Romeo', which was produced by Naveen.
17-yr-old 500-hitter selected in Mumbai's Ranji team	Mumbai have included 17-year-old cricketer Prithvi Shaw in their squad for the Ranji Trophy semifinal to be played in Rajkot from January 1. Shaw created a record by scoring 546 runs in the Harris Shield school tournament in 2013, the then-highest score in school cricket and then third-highest score going by all registered scorecards available worldwide in competitive cricket.
Congress wins Punjab, falls one short of two-third majority	The Congress party has registered a landslide victory in Punjab Assembly elections, winning 77 seats in the 117-member house. Congress garnered over 38% of the total vote share. The Aam Aadmi Party (23% vote share) had the second-highest number of seats in the house but the incumbent Shiromani Akali Dal stood second in terms of vote share at 25%.
60% shortfall in releasing central funds for Assam floods	There has been a 60% shortfall in the release of central funds to Assam for flood management, according to a Comptroller and Auditor General report. The centre was supposed to release over ?2,000 crore between 2007-08 and 2015-16 but provided only ?812 crore. It further added that the state government released only 16% of the allocated budget for flood management.
Shouldn't rob their childhood: Aamir on kids reality shows	"Aamir Khan, while talking about reality shows on television that feature kids, said that these shows shouldn't be so aggressive that they rob children of their childhood. ""I haven't seen those reality shows...it cuts both ways. There are kids who are talented and want to be out there to show their talent, it (reality shows) gives them an opportunity."""
Trump's approval rating lowest among US Presidents in 70 yrs	"Donald Trump's six-month approval rating stands at 36%, the lowest among all US Presidents in the last 70 years, according to a national poll published on Sunday. The poll found that 48% of US citizens believe that the country's leadership in the world is weaker than before the billionaire took office. However, Trump called the poll result ""not bad""."
I am ashamed to be a part of Hollywood: Charlize Theron	"Charlize Theron, while slamming Hollywood for not giving women an opportunity to work with higher budgets, said she is ashamed to be a part of it. ""[The industry] has never allowed a woman to work with a budget higher [than Wonder Woman]. That's so caveman-like,"" she added. Theron further said she hopes the scenario changes with films like 'Wonder Woman'."
Declare Hurriyat a terror group, says General VK Singh	BJP leader General VK Singh has demanded that the Hurriyat Conference be declared a terrorist organisation and separatist leaders be immediately jailed under the Public Safety Act of Jammu and Kashmir. He further said that Hurriyat leaders should not be allowed to live in comfort while under house arrest and instead be locked up in central prisons on terrorism charges.
WB court gives death penalty to 3 Lashkar operatives	A West Bengal court on Saturday pronounced death sentence to three Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives on charges of sedition. In 2007, four LeT operatives were arrested from the Indo-Bangladesh border for infiltrating into India. While one of the four men fled from CID custody in 2013, rest three were charged under Section 121 IPC for waging a war against India.
Flyer arrested with gold worth ?91 lakh at Mumbai Airport	A Delhi-based man was arrested at the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai for allegedly smuggling gold worth ?91 lakh in a steel roller on Friday. The accused, Shadab Khan, was interrogated by Air Intelligence Unit officers after arriving from Dubai on a SpiceJet flight. The gold was collectively found to weigh 3 kg.
Special Task Force for women safety reconstituted in Delhi	A Special Task Force (STF) for women safety has been reconstituted in Delhi with the approval of L-G Anil Baijal, who will head the body. The STF will have 17 members in total. The aim is to review decisions taken by authorities regarding safety of women. Earlier, the body worked under the Central Home Secretary but was dissolved in 2016.
EasyJet passengers stranded in Greece due to mating turtles	"Passengers were stranded on Greek island Zakynthos for days after their easyJet plane developed technical difficulties on Sunday and a replacement plane couldn't fly in due to mating turtles. A flyer said there was no easyJet representative and passengers were forced to wait through ""hours of nothingness."" The airport has a night curfew to protect vulnerable loggerhead turtles breeding nearby."
Another African national attacked in Greater Noida	According to reports, a female African student was pulled from inside an autorickshaw by some unidentified men who misbehaved with her and then beat her up when she shouted for help. Notably, this comes a day after a mob thrashed four Nigerian nationals with bricks, knives and rods following the death of a teenager.
Directors should decide if they want cuts, not a board: Azmi	"Actress Shabana Azmi has said that filmmakers should decide if they want to cut scenes in their film and not any board. She added that the Censor Board should only certify films and not censor scenes. ""However much you say CBFC?is an autonomous body...people taken on the board...have some kind of affinity with the ruling party,"" added Shabana."
Nutella maker wins case against rival's false health claims	A Belgian court has ruled that advertising claims about the health and environmental benefits of a palm oil-free 'Choco' spread by supermarket chain Delhaize were illegal. The case by Nutella manufacturer Ferrero argued that Delhaize's campaign unfairly damaged its iconic brand. Delhaize has now been ordered not to repeat claims about its spread being better for the planet or health.
?1L for pregnant women to expose sex determination centres	Ghaziabad health department is reportedly planning to give ?1 lakh under three instalments to pregnant women who act as informers and help expose sex determination centres across Uttar Pradesh. An official said that in order to be eligible for the amount, the informer will have to give an undertaking that she won't abort the child if it was a girl.
India has capability to make 2,600 nuclear weapons: Pakistan	In the wake of heightened tension between the two nations regarding the Kulbhushan Jadhav case, Pakistan said India is capable of producing 2,600 nuclear weapons. India has the world's fastest growing nuclear programme, it added. Pakistan's statement regarding India enhancing its nuclear capability has come just days after reports suggested that New Delhi may be rethinking its nuclear doctrine.
Wipro receives second threat email, tightens security	IT major Wipro on Friday said it has reinforced security measures at all its office locations after receiving a second threat email. However, it did not specify the nature of the threat, and stated that there was no impact on the company's operations. Earlier, Wipro received an email demanding ?500 crore in Bitcoin and threatening a bio-attack on its offices.
Pic of Aamir's son with Imran and his daughter shared online	A photograph of Aamir Khan's son Azad Rao Khan with actor Imran Khan and his daughter Imara has been shared online. In the photograph, Azad can be seen in a blue T-shirt while Imara is dressed in white. Imara is Imran's first child with wife Avantika, whom he married in 2011 after dating her for ten years.
Afridi announces retirement from international cricket	Former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi announced his retirement from T20 internationals on Monday, thereby ending his 21-year long international career. Afridi burst onto the scene in 1996, scoring a 37-ball century in only his second match to set a world record that stood for 17 years. In the second half of his career, he became known as a bowling all-rounder.
People introduced me as SBI Chairperson: Ex-SEBI Chairman	"The Securities and Exchange Board of India's (SEBI) former Chairman UK Sinha said that at the start of his tenure, people would introduce him as the chairperson of SBI (State Bank of India). However, ""Today, you go to a small village in India and they know SEBI,"" he stated. Sinha's six-year tenure as SEBI Chairman ended last week."
I started taking bribes when I was two-yrs-old: Rishi Kapoor	Actor Rishi Kapoor revealed that he was two-years-old when he first started taking 'bribes'. He explained that he was not ready to do a scene in his father Raj Kapoor's film 'Shree 420' and it was a chocolate bribe by Nargis Dutt that convinced him to do it. He said this during a session at the ongoing Jaipur Literature Festival.
Plea in SC to let Tirupati temple exchange old notes of ?8cr	A journalist has requested the Supreme Court to direct the government to let Sri Tirumala Tirupati Venkateswara temple exchange ?8.29 crore of banned notes donated by devotees. The man, in his petition said, non-acceptance of the devotees' offerings was discriminatory and meant that their wishes will remain 'unfulfilled'. This is the world's second richest temple with assets worth ?50,000 crore.
Genital mutilation woman's choice: Dawoodi Bohra leader	"Syedna Taher Fakruddin, who claims to be religious leader of Dawoodi Bohra community, has said the choice of going for female genital mutilation should be left to the woman only after she becomes an adult. ""While the Sharia law has a provision for female genital mutilation, it shouldn't be performed on a woman until she becomes an adult,"" he stated."
Man digs up national highway saying Lord Shiva asked him to	"A man dug up a national highway in Jangaon district, Telangana, saying Lord Shiva appeared in his dream and told him he would find a ""Shiva ling"" there. The man was joined by villagers who conducted special prayers and dug 20 feet deep on a stretch of the Warangal-Hyderabad highway. The police have booked the accused for damaging public property."
Kejriwal pulls up his health min over ventilators shortage	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday pulled up state's Health Minister Satyendar Jain over the shortage of ventilators at state-run hospitals. Ambu-bags (manual hand-held devices which support breathing) are being used to resuscitate patients due to an ""acute shortage"" of ventilators at hospitals, reports have claimed. ""Satinder, this is unacceptable (sic),"" he tweeted."
33 ministers, 359 MLAs in UP fail to declare assets	As many as 33 ministers and 359 MLAs in Uttar Pradesh have failed to declare their assets despite CM Yogi Adityanath's repeated directions, according to a government notification. As per rules, ministers and MLAs are mandated to declare their assets and liabilities within three months of assuming office or being elected as members of the state assembly.
Telangana MLA held for misbehaving with woman IAS officer	Ruling Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) MLA B Shankar Nayak was today arrested for misbehaving with a woman IAS officer during a government event. A video of the event showed the MLA grabbing the collector's arm and she can be seen struggling out from the MLA's grip. However, the MLA denied any wrongdoing and was later given bail on personal bond.
Top Lashkar commander Junaid Mattoo killed in encounter	Top Lashkar-e-Taiba commander Junaid Mattoo was killed in an encounter with security forces in Kashmir's Kulgam on Friday. The terrorist was reportedly responsible for two attacks in which four policemen were killed, and carried a bounty of ?10 lakh on his head. His accomplice Muzamil was also killed in the encounter while another militant was arrested.
Donald Trump ready for war with North Korea: US Senator	"Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has said that US President Donald Trump has told him they would rather go to war to destroy North Korea than allow it to develop nuclear-armed missiles. Adding that he prefers a diplomatic approach to solve the North Korean threat, Graham claimed, ""There is a military option. To destroy North Korea's programme and North Korea itself."""
Australia to sell Kesar variety of Indian mango for 1st time	"Australia will be selling Kesar variety of Indian mangoes for the first time with the inaugural consignment of nearly 400 trays landing in Sydney. ""The first consignment was a little disappointing?The fruit had a little bit of blemish on the skin,"" said Perfection Fresh Australia (PFA) Australia's largest fresh produce marketing company. ""The eating quality is quite nice,"" it added."
Beyonce named 2016's Most Charitable Celebrity	Singer Beyonce has been named the 'Most Charitable Celebrity' in 2016 as part of the annual 'Celebs Gone Good' list by the non-profit organization 'Do Something'. During the year, Beyonce was part of campaigns for water problem in Flint, Michigan, gender equality and the Black Lives Matter movement. Taylor Swift and Demi Lovato were part of the list's top five.
CBSE re-evaluation can change DU merit list: Delhi HC	Delhi High Court on Tuesday said the merit position of students could change substantially in the ongoing Delhi University admissions after re-evaluation of the answer sheets submitted to the CBSE. However, Delhi University officials said this should not worry students who have already secured the college seats even if their marks get reduced after re-evaluation.
80-yr-old woman beaten by MP cops for 'sheltering agitators'	An 80-year-old woman in Madhya Pradesh's Bhopal was reportedly beaten by police, who accused her of hiding agitators inside her house. The police came to Kamla Bai's house chasing protesters from a farmers' rally in a nearby village and injured her family members as well. The woman has gone on a fast, demanding that CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan meet her.
Shiv Sena promises vote to NDA's Presidential pick Kovind	The Shiv Sena promised its vote to NDA's Presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind after he addressed MPs and legislators from the BJP and its allies, at his recent campaign stop in Mumbai. Kovind reportedly called Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray to thank him for his party's support. Notably, Maharashtra is the 25th state that Kovind has visited during his Presidential campaign.
Delhi Metro constructs Eco Park using waste material	The Delhi Metro has used waste material to construct a 42,000-square-metre park in east Delhi. The park, which has been named Eco Park, will open to the public in two months. The DMRC said that it will generate energy using solar panels and house an artificial lake, an open theatre, a CISF Parade Ground and a multi-purpose hall.
BMW to recall 1.93 lakh cars in China over faulty airbags	German automaker BMW will start recalling over 1.93 lakh cars from August 2017 in China over a defect in their airbags. The cars are being recalled as the gas generators inside the inflating airbags may damage and cause flying debris, posing safety risks to the passengers. BMW has promised to replace the defective airbags free of charge.
Treat first 9 months under GST as trial period: Trade body	"Traders' body CAIT has suggested that the first nine months of GST, from its rollout date of July 1, should be treated as a trial period. No punitive action should be taken against businesses for procedural mistakes to allow them to get familiarised with the new regime, it added. ""Let this period be a learning period,"" it stated."
Akshay is bigger star than Khans in Bollywood, says Salman	"Salman Khan has referred to Akshay Kumar as the ""bigger star"" in Bollywood than Aamir Khan, Shah Rukh Khan and himself. Salman said that Akshay, who does four to five films a year, is the man who works hard, makes the maximum amount of money and supports many production companies, film units and directors every four months."
Shah Rukh Khan to be conferred honorary doctorate	"Actor Shah Rukh Khan will be conferred an honorary doctorate by Hyderabad-based Maulana Azad National Urdu University on Monday. ""Actor, entrepreneur and philanthropist"" Shah Rukh will be awarded the doctorate for his ""outstanding services in the field of arts and culture"". Notably, the actor also received an honorary doctorate from the University of Edinburgh in 2015."
Delhi policeman helps arrest son who stabbed woman 9 times	As per reports, 52-year-old Assistant Sub-Inspector Raj Singh helped arrest his own son, who was guilty of stabbing a 23-year-old female playschool teacher nine times. Singh, posted in west district, was on a seven-day medical leave when he learnt about his son's involvement in the stabbing case. Reportedly, Singh first warned his relatives not to give his son a shelter.
World will be at Kohli's feet in a few years' time: Ganguly	"Praising Virat Kohli for his knock of 235 runs in the Wankhede Test, former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly said ""the world will be at Kohli's feet in a few years' time"". Ganguly further said that the circumstances in which Kohli gets his runs make him stand out. ""He just stamps his authority to win...be it in ODIs, Tests...T20Is,"" Ganguly added."
Government to provide cradles for abandoned babies	The Women and Child Development Ministry is setting up cradles at police stations, hospitals, and orphanages across the country where parents can leave their child for adoption. Cradles will be accompanied by a bell to notify the authorities at the premises. WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi called it a 'humane and anonymous method' for parents to put babies up for adoption.
Consumers complain of retailers charging GST on MRP	Several consumers are raising concerns on the government's Twitter handles and other platforms about retailers charging Goods and Services Tax on the maximum retail price of the products. There are complaints against both local and online retailers. Notably, the government has clarified on several occasions that MRP is a product's maximum price and charging anything above this is an offence.
Brexit is going to be a great thing, says Trump	"US President-elect Donald Trump has said Britain's exit from the European Union ""is going to end up being a great thing"". ?You look at the European Union and it?s Germany. Basically a vehicle for Germany. That?s why I thought the UK was so smart in getting out,? he stated. Trump further said he expects other countries to leave as well."
Vistara takes a dig at Air India over no non-veg policy	"Vistara Airlines took a dig at Air India after it stopped serving non-vegetarian meals to economy-class passengers on all domestic flights. Tata's Vistara posted a picture with the caption, ""Chicken or Vegetarian? We leave the choice to you!"" Notably, Air India's new policy is expected to save the debt-ridden airline ?7-8 crore annually."
Boxers Akhil Kumar, Jitender Kumar turn professional	Olympians Akhil Kumar and Jitender Kumar have confirmed turning professional boxers after they signed a multi-year deal with IOS Boxing, the company which manages Vijender Singh's pro boxing career. The duo will reportedly make their pro debuts on April 1 in Mumbai and fight a total of six bouts each this year.
Bank of England assures Hindu group on 'non-veg' notes issue	"The Hindu Council UK has said the Bank of England has assured them that concerns over use of animal fat in new £5 notes were being treated with ""utmost seriousness"". Further, the bank also assured that new £20 notes would be launched only after consultation. The council raised concerns over use of tallow made from beef fat in the notes."
IndiGo, SpiceJet aircraft come face-to-face at Delhi Airport	A collision was averted on Tuesday as an IndiGo and a SpiceJet aircraft came face-to-face on the runway of Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport. The incident took place when the Indigo flight was headed towards taxiway after landing and the SpiceJet aircraft was about to take-off. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation has ordered a probe into the incident.
Katju offers apology to SC for criticising judges in a case	"Former Supreme Court Judge Markandey Katju on Friday offered an unconditional apology to the SC in a contempt of court case for allegedly criticising the court judges for their verdict in Soumya rape and murder case. In his personal blog, Katju had described the court's judgment, setting aside the death penalty of the convict, in the case as ""legally flawed""."
Kamal Haasan asks Jallikattu supporters not to harass Trisha	"Actor Kamal Haasan, who has been vocal about his support for Jallikattu, took to Twitter and asked supporters of the traditional sport not to harass actress Trisha. ""Let's not hurt her just because she differs from our opinion,"" he tweeted. Earlier, there were reports that Jallikattu supporters held up shooting of Trisha's film as she is endorsing PETA."
"Girls in Crazy Sumit's ""kiss & run"" video say he's a friend"	Two girls seen in the controversial kiss and run 'prank' video, which was uploaded on YouTube channel 'Crazy Sumit', have said that the YouTuber is their friend. However, they said that they were unaware that the video would be uploaded on the internet for monetary gain, contrary to Sumit's claims. Following the contradictions, the police would now grill Sumit again.
Not fielding Muslims in UP a big mistake: Uma Bharti	"Union Minister Uma Bharti on Monday said BJP committed a ""huge mistake"" by not fielding any Muslim candidate in the ongoing Uttar Pradesh elections. ""I am really feeling sorry that we could not field a Muslim,"" she said. In response, BJP MP Vinay Katiyar said, ""When Muslims do not vote for us, then why should we give ticket to them?"""
Trump's son shares emails of Russian effort to aid campaign	"US President Donald Trump's son Donald Trump Jr on Tuesday released emails showing he was offered ""sensitive"" information on Hillary Clinton by a Russian lawyer before the US presidential elections. Trump Jr was reportedly informed ahead of a meeting with the lawyer that the information was part of an effort by the Russian government to help the Trump campaign."
Undue profit of over ?1cr to come under GST authority's lens	The proposed National Anti-Profiteering Authority under GST regime will take up those cases where the financial implication of undue profit is over ?1 crore having 'national or mass impact', while the rest would be transferred to the state screening authority. The authority will suggest return of undue profit to consumers along with 18% interest, and also impose penalty.
Maha announces ?10L for Amarnath Yatra attack victims	"Maharashtra government on Tuesday announced ?10 lakh for the families of two victims from Dahanu who died in the Amarnath Yatra terror attack. ""Maharashtra strongly condemns the cowardly attack... Our deepest condolences to the bereaved families,"" tweeted CM Devendra Fadnavis. Notably, three other pilgrims out of fifteen from the state were left injured in the terror attack on the bus."
Delhi government to ban shared cab rides	The Delhi government, under its City Taxi Scheme, 2017, is planning to prevent cab aggregators including Uber Pool and Ola Share from offering shared rides. Cab aggregators have 'contract carriage permits', which only allows point-to-point transportation with no stopovers on the route of a ride, according to officials. The scheme is in the final stages of scrutiny before being implemented.
FIFA hands 1,300-page corruption report to Swiss authorities	"World football governing body, FIFA has submitted a 1,300-page report about the corruption in FIFA to the Swiss authorities investigating the body for high-level corruption and criminal misconduct. The report is a result of FIFA's 22-month-long internal enquiry in which over 2.5 million documents were reviewed. Notably, the submission also includes 20,000 pages of ""exhibits"" and documentation."
Chinese woman uses plastic surgery to evade over ?23 cr debt	"A 59-year-old Chinese woman Zhu Najuan transformed her appearance through plastic surgery in order to avoid personal debts of over ?23 crore, according to reports. ""She looked in her thirties and was different from the photos we had,"" police officers who arrested the woman said. Najuan financed her plastic surgery using borrowed bank cards, reports added."
Dressing like men causes PCOS: College principal tells girls	"Urging the girls to dress up in 'suitable' clothes, principal of Government Polytechnic College in Bandra has said dressing like men can cause PCOS (Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome) and reduces the urge to reproduce. PCOS is one of the most common hormonal endocrine disorders in women. She also said that dressing up suitably will help them ""not to think like men""."
Kaabil enters ?100 crore club on 11th day of its release	The Hrithik Roshan and Yami Gautam starrer 'Kaabil' has entered the ?100 crore club on the eleventh day of its release, as per the film's makers. The film collected ?9.22 crore on February 4, taking the total to ?106.25 crore. Notably, 'Kaabil' released on January 25, sharing its release date with the Shah Rukh Khan starrer 'Raees'.
Skin patch that could charge mobiles using sweat developed	Researchers from the University of California, San Diego have developed a skin patch that could charge mobile devices from users' sweat. The biofuel patch has already been used to power a radio for two days using human sweat. The flexible square patch sticks to the skin and contains enzymes to replace metals normally used in batteries.
Kajal Aggarwal's manager arrested in Tollywood drug case	"Actress Kajal Aggarwal's manager Ronnie was arrested on Monday in connection with the drug racket case allegedly involving Tollywood actors and filmmakers. The Special Investigating Team (SIT) raided the manager's residence and found him in possession of marijuana. A SIT source said, ""We strongly suspect his role in drug peddling in Tollywood and have arrested him after monitoring his activities."""
Mithali first-ever captain to lead India in 2 ODI WC finals	India women's team captain Mithali Raj has become the first skipper across men's and women's cricket to lead India in two ODI World Cup finals. Mithali, who captained India in the final against England on Sunday, also led in the 2005 final, which the team lost against Australia. Jhulan Goswami is the only other member to play both finals.
Still facing interconnection issues from Airtel: Jio	"Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio has said it continues to face interconnection congestion issues with some operators, including 175 calls out of every 1,000 calls failing from Jio to Airtel network. This has persisted even months after commencement of Jio's services, it stated. ""Indian customers are still being denied the benefits of superior voice technology on Jio's...network,"" it added."
Delhi declared free of bird flu after three months	"The Delhi government has declared the capital free of bird flu, three months after the outbreak was reported. ""This is declared after two consecutive samples collected at 15 days intervals from the last positive results tested negative,"" the Animal Husbandry Department announced. Following this, the National Zoological Park in New Delhi opened to the public after three months."
Being an accused in Babri case not taint, but a tilak: Uma	"Union Minister Uma Bharti has said, ""I am happy... Being an accused in Ayodhya movement is not a taint. I consider this as a chandan tilak on forehead."" She further said, ""The movement was to assert that where Ram Lalla is sitting today was the birthplace of Lord Ram. The court has given its seal on that."""
Art exhibition to showcase works inspired by Van Gogh	An art exhibition named 'Cadmium Skies' in Delhi will showcase the works of 26 children that have been inspired by painter Vincent Van Gogh. Recreations of Van Gogh's famous works such as 'Starry Night' and 'Sunflowers' will be on display. Original creations where the participants have employed Van Gogh's techniques and not recreated his work will also be displayed.
Bengaluru man arrested for asking girls to hug him	A 22-year-old man has been arrested in Bengaluru for harassing girls and asking them to hug him, according to reports. This comes after a girl filed a police complaint against him for accosting her and asking her to hug him. The accused had earlier harassed a school girl in a similar manner.
Mohd Ali's son detained at US airport, asked if he's muslim	"Muhammad Ali Jr, son of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali was detained by immigration officials at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, Florida on February 7, according to reports. Officials at the airport questioned him for nearly four hours, repeatedly asking him ""Where did you get your name from?"" and ""Are you Muslim?"". He was travelling from Jamaica with his mother Khalilah Camacho-Ali."
Google removing people's medical records from search results	"Google has started removing private medical records from its search results, after adjusting its policy regarding personal information. In 2016, an Indian pathology lab mistakenly leaked names and HIV blood test results of over 43,000 patients. The last change to Google's removal policy was made to cover ""revenge porn"" in which people's sexually explicit images are uploaded without their consent."
World's oldest manatee dies a day after 69th birthday	"Snooty, the oldest known manatee in the world, passed away on Sunday, a day after celebrating his 69th birthday. His death appeared to be a ""heartbreaking accident"" as Snooty died after getting stuck in a maintenance hatch, South Florida Museum CEO Brynne Anne Besio said. ""We?re all devastated... staff, volunteers and board members considered him a star,"" Besio added."
Tom Hiddleston to star in play on Shakespeare's 'Hamlet'	Actor Tom Hiddleston will star in a play on William Shakespeare's 'Hamlet', which will be directed by Kenneth Branagh. The production aims to raise money for the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, the drama school attended by Hiddleston. Tickets will be available through a lottery and winners will be able to collect them only on the day of the performance.
India made me, freedom fighter's son, romance king: SRK	"Actor Shah Rukh Khan, during his first TED Talk at Vancouver, said that India made him, the Muslim son of a broke freedom fighter, its king of romance. He added, ""The people of this ancient land embraced me in their limitless love."" Shah Rukh further said that Indians assume he's the best lover in the world."
11 deaths in 2 months in Delhi mental health facility: DCW	A surprise Delhi Commission for Women inspection of Asha Kiran home for mentally challenged women on Saturday revealed 11 unreported deaths in two months. DCW officials also found patients roaming in the corridors in the nude while the CCTV footage was being monitored by male staffers. The patients were also being made to do the staff's personal chores, it found.
More than half of India's languages may die in 50yrs: Survey	"At least 400 languages or more than half languages spoken by India's 1.3 billion people may die out in next 50 years, a study by the People's Linguistic Survey of India (PSLI) stated. Further claiming that India has already lost 250 languages in last five decades, the survey said, ""Each time a language is lost, the corresponding culture is killed."""
EC must call all-party meet on EVMs tampering issue: Mamata	"West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has said that the Election Commission should convene all-party meeting to discuss the matter of EVMs tampering. ""I have seen the Election Commissioner's version that there is nothing. But I have also gone through a video tape of BJP leader Subramanian Swamy in which he says these EVMs can be tampered with,"" she added."
Christians silently converting people at large scale: BJP MP	"Union Minister Giriraj Singh on Tuesday claimed that Christians are ""silently"" converting people at a large scale in India. ""In 1947, Hindus were almost 90% of the population. But as per a latest media survey, we are only 72% at present,"" he said. ""If opposition parties extend their cooperation, a law can be brought to control the population,"" he added."
20 stuck in Gurugram mall lift for 90 mins rescued	Gurugram police on Saturday midnight rescued twenty people who were trapped in a mall lift for nearly 90 minutes. Police said that two out of six women fell unconscious in the lift due to lack of oxygen. Some trapped people had reportedly contacted the elevator control room, but the police were called when the staff couldn't fix the technical glitch.
Russian team scores 11 own goals to have easier matchup next	"Russian Super League team, Vodnik scored 11 own goals to face an easier opponent in the following round in ice hockey-like winter sport of bandy. With 22 minutes left in the then-scoreless game, Vodnik starting hitting their own nets to avoid facing reigning champions in the next round. Meanwhile, the opposing club Baikal-Energiya also scored nine own goals for ""fun""."
SBI declines to share amount of money in suspended accounts	SBI has declined to share the quantum of money lying in suspended bank accounts in which interest amount of customers, who don't claim it due to religious reasons, is kept. The bank was asked to provide details of suspended accounts, and was also asked to share guidelines to deal with such interest amount. SBI said it doesn't maintain such information.
Trump campaign was dysfunctional for any collusion: Kushner	"US President Donald Trump's campaign could not have colluded with Russia because the team was too dysfunctional and disorganised to coordinate with a foreign government, the President's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner has claimed. Notably, Kushner had acknowledged four meetings with Russians during and after Trump's presidential bid and insisted that he had ""nothing to hide""."
St Stephen's bar highest for Eng, Eco at 98.5% in 1st list	Delhi University's St Stephen's on Thursday released its first cut-off list, setting the bar highest for its English and Economics courses at 98.5% and lowest for Sanskrit at 70%. The History cut-off stands at 97.75% for commerce, 97% for science and 96% for humanities students. The Mathematics cut-off stands at 97% for commerce and science and 96% for humanities students.
Mohammed Shami trolled for daughter's b'day celebration pics	"Indian pacer Mohammed Shami was trolled on social media after he posted pictures of his wife during their daughter's second birthday celebrations. The cricketer was trolled with many users commenting that his wife committed a ""sin"" by not wearing a hijab. Shami was subjected to similar treatment last year after he posted his wife's picture in a sleeveless dress."
Hindu party wants Tamil Bigg Boss banned, Haasan arrested	"Hindu Makkal Katchi, a nationalistic Hindu party from Tamil Nadu, has called for a ban on the Tamil version of reality show Bigg Boss and wants the show's host actor Kamal Haasan to be arrested. The party's official statement read, ""The participants are mouthing obscene statements and are acting 75% nude. It is also derogative of Tamil culture."""
Egypt's Islamic authority sets up fatwa kiosk at metro	"Egypt's highest Islamic authority Al-Azhar Al-Sharif has opened a fatwa kiosk at Cairo metro to offer commuters religious advice in an effort to counter extremism. A sheikh said, ""We usually talk about the issues of daily life, and what religion says about such things. The topics we mostly discuss are marriage, divorce and inheritance."""
India's progress not possible without Hindi: Venkaiah Naidu	"After Hindi signboards at the recently-unveiled Bengaluru Metro were criticised, Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu said, ""Hindi is our national language. India's progress isn't possible without Hindi."" Naidu said Hindi is India's mother tongue and Indians should be proud of it. He added, ""Angrezi seekhte seekhte hum angrezi mind mein bhi aa gaye hain. Ye desh ke hit mein nahi hai."""
Kingfisher Villa sold to actor Sachiin Joshi for ?73 crore	An SBI-led group of lenders has managed to sell Vijay Mallya's Kingfisher Villa in Goa, after three failed attempts, to film production company Viiking Media & Entertainment, owned by actor-businessman Sachiin Joshi, reports said. Joshi reportedly paid marginally more than the property's previous reserve price of ?73 crore. Notably, Mallya owes over ?9000 crore to the SBI-led consortium.
Bihar Dy CM dares Modi to speak on BJP's alleged ISI links	"Bihar Deputy CM Tejaswi Yadav has dared PM Narendra Modi to address the alleged BJP links with Pakistan's intelligence agency ISI. ""Beware, the country is in danger. Self proclaimed and so called patriotic PM is totally mum on sponsorship of ISI agents by his party,"" he added. Notably, certain ISI operatives arrested in Madhya Pradesh allegedly had links with BJP."
RSS should include more women in its ranks: Advani	"Senior BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani on Sunday suggested that the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) should give more space to women in its ranks. Advani said this while speaking at a function organised by spiritual group 'Prajapita Brahma Kumaris' in New Delhi. Further, during his address, Advani also lamented that India appears ""incomplete"" without Sindh in its territory."
Usain Bolt participates in his first-ever mixed gender relay	"Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt participated in his first-ever mixed-gender relay, leading the 'Bolt All-Stars' team in the inaugural Nitro Athletics event in Melbourne on Saturday. Bolt raced in the mixed 4x100 metre relay, alongside compatriot Asafa Powell and Americans Jenna Prandini and Jeneba Tarmoh. ""I've never handed [a baton] over to a girl. For me that was exciting,"" said Bolt."
Stop doping or the sport dies: Usain Bolt to fellow athletes	"Speaking ahead of his final appearance on the field at the upcoming world championships, eight-time Olympic gold medallist Usain Bolt warned his fellow athletes that they must stop doping otherwise track and field will die. On being asked about how he would feel in the 100m final at the upcoming world championships, Bolt said, ""Unbeatable and unstoppable""."
Just working with me doesn't make anyone an actor: Shah Rukh	"Actor Shah Rukh Khan has said that simply working with him in a film doesn't make anyone an actor. ""Girls who have started with me, either they had done a film in another language...in case of Anushka Sharma she did modelling,"" he added.nTalking about his 'Raees' co-star Mahira Khan, Shah Rukh said she's a well-established actress in Pakistan."
There cannot be any bad blood between SRK and me: Hrithik	"Hrithik Roshan, speaking on his film 'Kaabil' and Shah Rukh Khan's 'Raees' releasing on the same day, said there cannot be any bad blood between him and Shah Rukh. ""If there's understanding between friends, you can still compete and come out with an even better relationship,"" he added. However, the clash will be commercially detrimental to both films, Hrithik added."
Actor rescued after being trapped at waterfall for 3 days	"Paul Nicholls, a British actor who worked on shows like EastEnders and Ackley Bridge, has been rescued three days after he was trapped at the base of a jungle waterfall in Thailand's Koh Samui island. He was found partially submerged in a rock pool, semi-conscious and with hypothermia. ""I am lucky to be alive,"" said Nicholls."
Airtel, Vodafone and Idea saw most billing complaints: TRAI	Users of telecom majors Airtel, Vodafone, and Idea filed the maximum billing complaints in the December quarter, according to TRAI. In terms of quality parameters, TRAI found the performance of Aircel below par for call drops in most telecom circles. The telecom regulator has set a penalty of up to ?2 lakh for poor mobile service, including call drops.
Parliament vote required for starting Brexit process: UK SC	The British government must hold a vote in both houses of the Parliament before starting the process of leaving the European Union, the country's Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday. UK Prime Minister Theresa May had earlier promised lawmakers a vote on the outcome of the Brexit talks, but had hoped to trigger the talks without parliamentary approval.
74 missing defence personnel may be in Pak jails: Swaraj	External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has informed the Parliament that as many as 74 missing defence personnel, including 54 prisoners of war, are believed to be in Pakistani jails. Swaraj added that their release has repeatedly been taken up through diplomatic channels. However, Pakistan has not acknowledged the presence of any Indian prisoner of war in its custody, Swaraj stated.
Cat which was elected mayor of US town dies aged 20	Stubbs, the cat which was elected as the honorary mayor of Alaska's town Talkeetna, passed away on Thursday night at the age of 20. Talkeetna, which is a town which has no human mayor, elected Stubbs in 1997. The cat, which liked drinking water and catnip from margarita glasses, was a tourist attraction in the town of around 900 residents. n
Hema Malini drinks daily, does she commit suicide, asks MLA	"Countering the claims that farmers commit suicide due to their drinking habits, independent MLA from Maharashtra, Bacchu Kadu, on Friday asked that actor ""Hema Malini drinks heavily daily, does she commit suicide"". It is absolutely incorrect to say that farmers commit suicide due to drinking as even 75% of MLAs drink, journalists drink, he added."
Who is the Shiv Sena MP who hit an Air India staffer?	Shiv Sena's Ravindra Gaikwad, who hit an Air India staffer with slippers, is a Lok Sabha MP from Maharashtra's Osmanabad constituency. According to his 2014 poll affidavit, he had eight criminal cases against him, including charges related to homicide, rioting, criminal intimidation, and stopping public servants from doing duty. In 2014, he was involved in force-feeding a Muslim during Ramzan.
Railways to induct 40,000 refurbished coaches	The Indian Railways is planning to induct about 40,000 coaches with refurbished interiors and upgraded facilities worth ?8,000 crore, to provide world-class comfort to passengers. The coaches will be equipped with strong couplers in order to prevent them from capsizing during accidents. The aim is to make these revamped coaches available by 2023, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
Ex-IAF Chief sent to jail till Dec 30 in VVIP chopper scam	Former Indian Air Force Chief SP Tyagi, his cousin Sanjeev Tyagi, and lawyer Gautam Khaitan have been sent to judicial custody till December 30 in connection with the ?3,600 crore AgustaWestland VVIP chopper scam. All the three accused have filed their bail applications in the Patiala House Court, which will be heard by the court on December 21.
Brad terrified that people will learn the truth: Angelina	"Angelina Jolie, in the latest court filing, has claimed that estranged husband Brad Pitt has requested to seal divorce documents as he is ""terrified that the public will learn the truth"". This comes after Pitt slammed Jolie for ""exposing"" their children and requested to seal divorce documents to protect their privacy. Jolie currently has sole custody of their six children."
GST very simple tax, misunderstandings being spread: Jaitley	"Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday said the GST is a very simple tax and several misunderstandings are being spread about the new regime. ""Those who follow the law will not be called to the office for assessment,? Jaitley said. However, he said that those who try to be ?over clever? and try to ?circumvent the law? will face consequences."
6 arrested for blackmailing makers over Baahubali 2 piracy	The cyber crime police of Hyderabad have arrested six members of inter-state movie piracy gang for illegally downloading Baahubali 2: The Conclusion from a theatre in Bihar and blackmailing the producers, including Karan Johar, for money. The film's production house Arka Mediaworks stated that a man demanded ?15 lakh from the producers to not upload Baahubali 2's HD copy online.
Uber taxi set on fire amidst ongoing cab drivers' strike	An Uber taxi was set on fire by protesters on Tuesday in Ghaziabad amidst the ongoing strike by drivers of app-based cab aggregators in Delhi NCR demanding better pay. The protesters allegedly hurled stones at the car to stop it and poured some inflammable substance before setting it afire. Earlier, Delhi High Court restrained drivers' unions from blocking the cabs.
Doctors say abortion not possible for 10-yr-old rape victim	A Chandigarh hospital's doctors ruled out the possibility of abortion for a 10-year-old rape victim who is nearly eight months pregnant. The Supreme Court on Monday had asked the hospital to examine if the pregnancy can be terminated after hearing a plea for the rape survivor. A Chandigarh district court had rejected the plea when she was six months pregnant.
UP govt sacks District Magistrate, SSP over Dalit killing	"The Uttar Pradesh government today removed Saharanpur District Magistrate and Senior Superintendent of Police after fresh clashes broke out in the area where a Dalit had been killed. Deputy CM Keshav Prasad Maurya said, ""No one will be spared, including politicians."" Notably, the suspended police officer had taken charge of the post less than a month ago."
Lack of coordination between banks, government: Robert Vadra	"Congress President Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra said that lack of coordination between banks and government policies is forcing petrol pump owners to stop accepting payments through credit or debit cards. He added, ""The government seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created through the unplanned and unthought process of demonetisation."""
World's oldest emoji discovered in document from 1635	A group of scientists have discovered a smiley face on a legal document dating back to 1635, which is being considered the world's oldest emoji. The document was found in a village next to the Strazov Mountains of Slovakia. Previously, the oldest known smiley face was believed to be discovered in a 1648 poem, 'To Fortune' by Robert Herrick.
Railway Ministry plans integrated ticketing system	Railway Ministry is planning to introduce an integrated ticketing system in the next three years, which will be first introduced in Mumbai on pilot basis. The system will provide all-in-one tickets for all public transportation in the city including BEST buses, local trains, Metros, black-and-yellow taxis and autorickshaws. The MMRDA will reportedly float a tender for the system in October.
House of Cards maker asks Twitter to remove Trump's account	"After US President Donald Trump accused Barack Obama of wiretapping, House of Cards creator Beau Willimon took to Twitter to state that Trump's account should be removed from the micro-blogging site. Adding that presidency comes with great responsibility, Willimon wrote that Trump's tweets pose a national security threat as they embolden enemies to take advantage of his ""flagrant shortcomings""."
Manish and I never really got divorced on paper: Pooja Bhatt	"Pooja Bhatt has said she and her estranged husband Manish Makhija never got divorced on paper. She added, ""I don't believe that a piece of paper can decide your relationship status. We made a choice to get married...to end our marriage, and to remain friends."" Pooja and Manish had been married for eleven years when they separated in 2014."
Pictures of Saif, Kareena's son Taimur surface online	Pictures of Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan's first child, Taimur Ali Khan, have surfaced online. One of the photographs shows Taimur and mother Kareena at actor Tusshar Kapoor's son Laksshya's recently held first birthday celebrations. Notably, Taimur was born in December 2016.
Parineeti lied she was poor: Man claiming to be classmate	"A man claiming to be Parineeti Chopra's classmate from her school in Ambala posted on Facebook that she was lying at a recent event when she said that she used to cycle to school as she was poor. He wrote, ""Shame...coming from a privileged background and lying...I guess this is what being a celebrity means. Create a fabricated sob story."""
Over 900 LPG cylinders explode in Karnataka	More than 900 Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) cylinders stored in two trucks exploded on Sunday near Chintamani in Karnataka's Chikkaballapura district. The incident which reportedly took place due to a battery short circuit, engulfed two trucks and a Bolero vehicle. While properties worth around ?70 lakh were gutted in the fire, no casualties have been reported so far.
Modi should show his degree to me if it is genuine: Kejriwal	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday said PM Narendra Modi should show his academic degree to him if it is not fake. ""Earlier, Modiji said he didn't go to college. Later, he showed correspondence course degrees which were found to be fake,"" Kejriwal said. ""India hasn't been able to comprehend how a scam of this proportion took place,"" he added."
Those who talked about DNA have joined NDA: Akhilesh Yadav	"Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said that those who used to talk about DNA have now joined the NDA (National Democratic Alliance). The remarks were in reference to PM Narendra Modi allegedly questioning the DNA of Bihar CM Nitish Kumar in 2015. However, Modi had later clarified that he was instead talking about the ""DNA of democracy""."
Kiran Bedi pulls up airport officials over unclean toilets	Puducherry Lieutenant Governor Kiran Bedi on Thursday pulled up Chennai airport officials for improper maintenance of toilets in the VIP lounge. She found the toilets unclean when she arrived from Delhi. Immediately after that, the officials deployed sanitary workers to clean up the toilet and spray perfume. Bedi told officials that toilets needed to be maintained in a clean manner.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak's great grandson booked for rape	"A case has been registered against Congress leader Rohit Tilak, the great grandson of Bal Gangadhar Tilak, for allegedly raping a woman and forcing her into 'unnatural sex'. According to the complainant, Tilak repeatedly raped her on ""pretext of marrying her"". Various charges including rape, unnatural offences, and voluntarily causing hurt have been slapped against him."
Cross-voting by 116 helped Ram Nath Kovind in election: BJP	BJP General Secretary Bhupender Yadav said there were 116 people who had not openly pledged their support for NDA Presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind but voted for him. Cross-voting was reported in West Bengal where the Trinamool Congress is in power, and in UP, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, and Goa. Kovind secured 2,930 votes as against 1,844 by Opposition's candidate.
Fire breaks out at a helmet-manufacturing factory in Manesar	A major fire broke out at a helmet-manufacturing factory in Manesar's Sector 8 on Tuesday morning. The fire department received information about the fire around 8.30 AM and controlled the fire by 12:30 PM after nine fire tenders were rushed to the spot. Two floor were gutted and material worth lakhs of rupees was burnt, a fire department official said.
Celebrate Amma's birthday in grand style: Sasikala to AIADMK	In a letter, AIADMK general secretary Sasikala has asked her party workers to celebrate late Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa's birthday on February 24 on a grand scale conducting public welfare events. Sasikala, who is currently lodged at Bengaluru's Parappana Agrahara Central Jail, further slammed rebel party leader O Panneerselvam in the letter for betraying the legacy of Jayalalithaa and MGR.
Australia will come hard at Kohli in first Test: Ganguly	"Talking about the upcoming India-Australia Test series, former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly said, ""They (Australia) might come back hard at Kohli, they will do that in the first Test match."" ""I'm not sure it's going to make any difference to Virat Kohli. They targeted him in Australia and he came back and played superbly,"" added Ganguly."
Mamata Banerjee visits slain CRPF jawan's house in WB	West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday visited the house of CRPF jawan KK Das who was martyred in the Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh's Sukma district. Out of the 25 jawans who were martyred in the attack, three were from West Bengal. Banerjee has announced a financial aid of ?5 lakh each to the kin of the three slain jawans.
Schools reopen in Kashmir after 8 months	Schools in Kashmir reopened on Wednesday after a break of about eight months due to unrest in the Valley following the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani and subsequent winter break. The government had ordered their closure after over 20 schools were torched by assailants during the unrest. Meanwhile, some schools in snow-covered areas will reopen on March 13.
NSG commandos debut at Republic Day parade	In a first, the National Security Guard (NSG) commandos participated in the Republic Day parade. While a contingent of some 60 commandos in black overalls and full-armed gear marched at the Rajpath, several commandos were on seven vehicles with hydraulic ladders mounted on them. Further, NSG's anti-hijacking van 'Sherpa', a bullet-proof armoured vehicle, also made its debut in the parade.
Somali pirates hijack Indian cargo ship with 11 crew members	Indian cargo ship Al Kaushar, which was on its way to Al Mukalla port in Yemen from Dubai and had 11 crew members on board, has reportedly been hijacked by Somali pirates. The crew members on the ship hail from Mumbai's Mandvi. The captain of the ship had managed to apprise authorities in Dubai and the owner of the vessel.
Subramanian shares pic of Rajinikanth at casino in US	"BJP MP Subramanian Swamy has shared a picture on Twitter of actor Rajinikanth at a casino in the US, where he is said to be playing poker. Swamy, while slamming the actor for 'gambling', further wrote on Twitter, ""What is his ailment for which he has to go to US?"" Rajinikanth is reportedly in USA for his regular medical check-up."
Rahane should continue as India captain: Mitchell Johnson	"Following India's win over Australia in the Dharamsala Test, former Australian pacer Mitchell Johnson said Ajinkya Rahane should continue as India captain instead of Virat Kohli. ""Rahane should stay captain! It was a tough series but I believe it should stay on the field with the players,"" Johnson tweeted in response to an article shared by Cricket Australia regarding Kohli."
Jan Dhan account deposits doubled to ?87,000cr post note ban	"Jan Dhan account deposits have more than doubled to ?87,000 crore till December 23, prompting tax department to ""dissect"" information relating to them, a senior official said. Inflow of funds into these accounts was highest in the first week post demonetisation. If it's found that money in these accounts belongs to other persons, necessary action will be taken, he added."
Pope Francis' top aide charged with sexual abuse	"Pope Francis' chief financial adviser and third-highest Vatican official Cardinal George Pell was charged with multiple sexual assault offences on Thursday. He is the highest-ranking Vatican official to be charged in the church's long-running sexual abuse scandal. Pell, accused of touching two boys inappropriately in a pool in the 1970s, has denied the allegations and vowed to ""clear his name."""
SC raps Bihar govt for seeking 2 years to fill 174 vacancies	"The Supreme Court on Tuesday rebuked the Bihar government for seeking two years' time to appoint 174 stenographers in the police. ""You are making fun of this court. You can hold one single test for stenographers and recruit them,"" stated the apex court. The court is monitoring the filling up of police vacancies in all states."
EC directs UP govt to cover 'Samajwadi' word on ambulances	Following the directions of the Election Commission, the UP government has covered the word 'Samajwadi' written on 1,488 ambulances under its Samajwadi Swasthya Seva initiative. The Samajwadi Swasthya Sewa, the free-of-cost and round-the-clock emergency ambulance service, was launched in the state by Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav. The ambulance aims to reach the patient within 20 minutes.
4-yr-old boys indulging in stone pelting in Valley: Report	The intelligence agencies have reportedly revealed that boys as young as 4 and 5 years old are participating in the stone pelting in Kashmir. However, after being caught, many of these kids revealed they have no idea what they are involved in. The stone pelting protests have now spread to rural regions, said the intelligence agencies as per a report.
Thugs Of Hindostan not based on Pirates of Caribbean: Aamir	"Actor Aamir Khan has said that his upcoming film 'Thugs Of Hindostan', is not inspired by 'Pirates of the Caribbean' film series or any other action adventure films. He added, ""Even my character in the film is not similar to any other character."" The film will also star 'Dangal' actress Fatima Sana Shaikh."
Delhi Traffic Police to include music in training sessions	The Delhi Traffic Police is reportedly planning to include music therapy as part of its one-day training programme for traffic rule violators. The aim is to make the offenders feel that they are getting some kind of creative satisfaction while being trained, said an officer. A tender will soon be floated for the procurement of music systems.
Over 40 cr workers across India affected by note ban: AAP	"Demonetisation has affected over 40 crore workers in the organised and unorganised sectors across the country, AAP claimed on Friday. Asserting that developed nations had stayed away from demonetisation, the party accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of driving ""the world's largest economy into a mess"". After demonetisation, even big companies had started laying off people, AAP further claimed."
Cows sold online after ban on sale of cattle for slaughter	"Days after the Centre banned the sale of cattle for slaughter in the animal markets across the country, cows are being sold online on e-marketplaces such as OLX. ""It's too dangerous keeping cows anymore. Anyone can come and beat us,"" said a cattle owner adding that he was open to a distress sale for 50% less than the market price."
No performance incentive for Team India due to SC order	The Indian cricket team will not get a performance incentive after their 4-0 victory over England due to the Supreme Court restricting BCCI's financial freedom. As per the order, BCCI cannot take any financial decisions till it complies with the Lodha Panel recommendations. The Board had announced ?2 crore for the team after it defeated South Africa 3-0 in 2015.
Somalia back online after three weeks of Internet blackout	Somalia's Internet has returned after an over three-week outage which reportedly cost the country's economy $10 million a day in business. The loss of internet service was attributed to a ship which cut an undersea cable connecting the country to global data networks. Hormuud Telecom, Somalia's largest telecom company, announced the restoration of service in a message to subscribers.
PM Modi shows support for ?1,000 cr Mahabharata film: Report	As per reports, PM Narendra Modi has written a letter to producer BR Shetty, expressing his support for the Mohanlal starrer upcoming film on Mahabharata, which is said to have a budget of ?1,000 crore. Modi has reportedly written that he is awaiting the release of the film, which will be a matter of pride for the entire nation.
JD(U) gives RJD 4 days to decide on Tejashwi's resignation	The Janata Dal (United) has given four days to ally Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) to decide on Lalu Prasad Yadav's son Tejashwi Yadav's resignation from the post of Bihar Deputy Chief Minister. Notably, after an FIR was registered against Tejashwi Yadav for acquiring Benami property, the BJP has been demanding to sack him from the Cabinet.
Mohalla clinic report showing blood sugar at 9500 goes viral	"A six-month-old medical report from a mohalla clinic in Delhi showing an abnormally high blood sugar level of 9,481.7 mg/dl for a patient, has gone viral on social media. The AAP government has however dismissed the report as ""forged"", saying such messages are being spread to discredit the system. The normal level is usually less than 140 mg/dl, post meals."
Husband appeals to Maha CM after wife's death by tree-fall	The husband of former Doordarshan anchor Kanchan met CM Devendra Fadnavis, alleging that inaction by the BMC led to his wife's death after a tree fell on her. Fadnavis assured him that action has been initiated against the garden department of BMC. The BMC had reportedly earlier decided to prune the tree after an inspection, instead of cutting it down.
Fire breaks out in Delhi's Lok Nayak Bhawan	A major fire broke out on Monday in Delhi's Lok Nayak Bhawan complex, which houses several government offices including those of the CBI and Income-Tax Department. Around 25 fire engines were rushed into service at the complex. The fire was allegedly sparked by a short circuit in an air-conditioning unit on the fourth floor of the building.
Bihar court makes first conviction under anti-liquor law	A Bihar district court has sentenced two brothers to a five-year jail term and imposed a fine of ?1 lakh each for drinking, reportedly in the first conviction under the state's anti-liquor law. The brothers, both daily wagers, were arrested on May 29 this year. More than 25,000 people have been charged with violating the prohibition law in Bihar.
Digital revolution won't solve bread-butter issues: Uddhav	Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray has said that a digital revolution is not going to solve people's daily bread and butter issues. Reacting to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu's comments on demonetisation, Thackeray said that while Naidu was earlier telling people to use digital payments, he has understood that people are suffering, and so has taken a U-turn.
Google to launch its next Pixel smartphone this year	Google, which launched its first smartphone 'Pixel' in 2016, will be launching its next Pixel smartphone later this year, Google's head of hardware Rick Osterloh said. Like its previous handset that has a starting price of ?57,000, the next handset will also be a premium smartphone. There's no plan for a budget Pixel phone in the near future, he added.
Modi's policies made space for terrorists in Kashmir: Rahul	"Slamming PM Narendra Modi, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi today took to Twitter and said, ""Modi's policies have created space for terrorists in Kashmir. Grave strategic blow for India #AmarnathTerrorAttack."" He also tweeted, ""Short term political gain for Modi from PDP alliance has cost India massively... Modi's personal gain = India's strategic loss + sacrifice of innocent Indian blood."""
Sets of film 'Padmavati' set on fire in Maharashtra	The sets of filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali's upcoming film 'Padmavati' were vandalised and set on fire by 40-50 unidentified men in Kolhapur, Maharashtra on Tuesday night. A few cars parked outside the sets were also damaged. A report was filed with the police on Wednesday morning, and a few people have been arrested in connection to the case.   n
Your undisclosed assets not hidden from us, warns I-T dept	"The Income Tax department on Sunday warned black money holders that their undisclosed assets are ""not hidden"" from its gaze. It further advised them to avail the ongoing one-time disclosure window under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojna to come clean on their stashed funds. The department further added that ""total confidentiality"" is ensured under the scheme."
Delhi's Gole Market to house museum of culture and history	The New Delhi Municipal Corporation has announced that Gole Market near Connaught Place will be transformed into a museum to house materials of cultural and historical importance related to Delhi. The museum will reportedly have four components including a photo exhibition, documentaries, freedom movement, and paintings and sculpture. The project is expected to be completed by September 2018.
Tech Mahindra says it will benefit from Vodafone-Idea merger	"IT firm Tech Mahindra has said it sees the proposed merger of telcos Vodafone and Idea as a ""seismic"" event that will impact the IT sector, but asserted that it will benefit from such a deal. ""It is a big market where these people are merging together...It is not an ordinary change,"" Tech Mahindra CEO CP Gurnani stated."
MHA report to PMO refutes BSF jawan's complaint on food	The Ministry of Home Affairs report to the Prime Minister's Office has refuted BSF jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav's claims made in a video on quality and quantity of food provided to them. In the report, the MHA conveyed to the PMO that there is no shortage of rations at any post in paramilitary forces and quality check is conducted regularly.
JNU makes it mandatory to fill MPhil, PhD forms in Hindi	The Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi has made it mandatory for MPhil and PhD students to fill their dissertation submission forms in both Hindi and English. Students who didn't know Hindi complained as they couldn't submit their dissertation. The university said the step was taken so that there is no spelling error on the certificates given to students.
All railway coaches to have bio-toilets by 2019	While presenting the first unified Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday announced that all railway coaches will have bio-toilets installed by 2019. Jaitley also said the service tax on the purchase of e-tickets booked through IRCTC will be withdrawn. A Rail Safety Fund with a corpus of ?1 lakh crore will be created over next five years, he added.
Modi conspired against Advani: Lalu on Babri Masjid case	"As the Supreme Court allowed restoration of conspiracy charges against BJP leader LK Advani in Babri Masjid case, RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav alleged PM Narendra Modi has conspired against Advani. ""There were rumours that Advani would become President. The CBI is in PM's hands and it said in the court the case against Advani should take place,"" he added."
I'd be happier to see Jhanvi get married than act: Sridevi	"Actress Sridevi has said that she would be happier if her elder daughter Jhanvi Kapoor gets married rather than act in films. Sridevi added that initially, she wasn't in favour of Jhanvi working in films. ""But her happiness matters more, and if she does well as an actress, I will be a proud mother,"" said Sridevi."
German national stabbed and robbed by two men in Delhi	A 19-year-old German national was stabbed and robbed by two men near Kashmere Gate in Delhi on Friday at around 11 pm when he was returning from Chandni Chowk in a rickshaw. The victim was spotted bleeding by locals who rushed him to a nearby hospital. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has ordered a probe into the matter.
Note ban a case of khoda pahaad, nikli chuhiya: Chidambaram	"Criticising the Centre's demonetisation move, former Finance Minister P Chidambaram said, ""It is a case of 'khoda pahaad, nikli chuhiya' (much ado about nothing)."" He further said, ""It is an illusion that demonetisation is intended to hurt the rich and benefit poor. I don't see any rich man getting affected."""
Will make omelettes out of eggs hurled at me: BJP leader	"After being asked about BJD workers throwing eggs at Union Minister Jual Oram's vehicle, MoS for Heavy Industries Babul Supriyo on Wednesday said, ""If BJD and Congress workers hurl eggs at me, I'll make omelette with it and eat that."" Supriyo added, ""I am a non-vegetarian... There is not an iota of fear in me."""
3D film on Ramayana to be made on budget of ?500 cr: Reports	According to reports, a 3D film on Ramayana, is being produced on an estimated budget of ?500 crore. Reports added that work on the Ramayana script has been on for the past year and the movie will be released in three parts. It will also be released in three languages Hindi, Telugu and Tamil.
India to get first union of IT employees amid mass job cuts	"A forum of IT workers is set to get itself formally registered as the first union of techies in the country. Vice President of the Forum for Information Technology Employees, Vasumathi, said the forum is expecting this to happen within next five months. The move has come following reports of ""illegal termination"" of employees by major IT companies in India."
The Guardian admits WhatsApp security flaw report was wrong	"British publication The Guardian has admitted its January 2017 report on a loophole in WhatsApp's security system was incorrect. The report had claimed that the backdoor lets the Facebook-owned chat app intercept and read users' encrypted messages. The newspaper has said that ""misinterpretations, mistakes and misunderstandings"" happened at several stages of the article's reporting process."
Anita Dongre meets Duchess of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace	"Fashion designer Anita Dongre met the Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton at the Buckingham Palace during the reception dinner marking UK-India Year Of Culture. Kate was seen wearing a white ensemble with a pair of diamond earrings from Dongre's Pinkcity line. ""We chatted about our mutual love for Rajasthan,"" wrote Dongre while sharing a photo on Instagram."
Fabindia gets legal notice for using brand name 'Khadi'	"Khadi India has threatened to sue ethnic-wear brand Fabindia, for indulging in ""unfair trade practice"" by unauthorisedly selling cotton products under its registered brand name 'Khadi'. Fabindia has been asked to immediately stop using 'Khadi' from all cotton products and remove display banners from showrooms. A legal notice alleged Khadi India's brand name was used unlawfully to mislead buyers."
Amid Jat protests, internet blocked in parts of Haryana	With the Jat protesters observing 'Balidan Diwas' (Sacrifice Day), Haryana government on Sunday blocked internet services in Rohtak, the epicentre of the protests. With the ban on liquor sale extended till Monday, similar measures have also been taken in Bhiwani, Sonipat and other affected districts. Notably, the pro-quota agitation has entered the 22nd day.
Survey predicts a hung Assembly in Uttar Pradesh	A survey by the India Today-Axis has predicted a hung Assembly in Uttar Pradesh and has stated that BJP along with its allies would win 180-191 seats in 403-member Assembly. The Samajwadi Party-Congress alliance, which was formed recently, is expected to win up to 168-178 seats. The survey, however, stated that Mayawati-led BSP would manage to bag only 39-43 seats.
Sadhvi Pragya, 7 others acquitted in RSS member murder case	A Dewas court in Madhya Pradesh on Wednesday acquitted Sadhvi Pragya Singh and seven others in former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi murder case. Joshi, who had worked as an RSS pracharak for a significant part of his life, was shot dead a few hundred meters from his rented house in Chuna Khadan area of Dewas on December 29, 2007.
Monkeys enter MCD headquarters, Cong leader blames security	Two monkeys strayed into the headquarters building of the North and South Delhi Municipal Corporations, triggering chaos among staff and security. NDMC Congress leader Mukesh Goel alleged negligence in security and demanded an inquiry into the incident. He also questioned the functioning of the veterinary department in controlling the population of stray animals.
DRDO develops chicken biscuits, tulsi bars for armed forces	The Defence Research and Development Organisation has developed nutritious and protein-rich food for armed forces deployed in high-altitude and snowbound areas. Food items include chicken biscuits, protein-rich mutton bar, tulsi bar among others. Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said that after developing these products, technologies have been transferred to various industries for bulk production.
DIG Roopa who exposed VIP treatment to Sasikala transferred	Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Prisons D Roopa, who had said that AIADMK leader VK Sasikala paid a bribe of ?2 crore to get special treatment in jail, has been transferred to the Bengaluru Traffic Police. The Karnataka government has also transferred Director General of Prisons HN Satyanarayana Rao, a senior prison official accused of accepting the bribe.
Global terrorism fast reaching nuclear threshold: Dalai Lama	Tibetan religious leader Dalai Lama on Tuesday said the global terrorist crisis is fast reaching the nuclear threshold. Once it crosses the threshold, it could mean that the entire mankind could perish, he added. Dalai Lama also said that the terrorism crisis cannot be resolved unless all the nations come together on a single platform against it.
Tharoor 'categorically' denies reports of him joining BJP	"Congress MP and former Union Minister Shashi Tharoor has categorically denied the rumours of him joining BJP. ""For 40+ years I have spoken and written in defence of a pluralist India with equal rights...On this, no compromise,"" he said. This comes after CPI(M) leader Kodiyeri Balakrishnan said four Congress leaders, including Tharoor, were planning to join BJP."
Woman forced to drink acid by ex-boyfriend in Delhi	A 19-year-old woman was hospitalised in Delhi with a burnt throat and face, after she was allegedly forced to drink acid by her former boyfriend. The alleged attacker, Ravi Kumar (22), later surrendered at the city's Sangam Vihar police station. The woman was undergoing treatment at AIIMS with 20% burns but the doctors said she is expected to survive.
You're in good shape: Trump to French Prez's 64-yr-old wife	"United States President Donald Trump complimented French President Emmanuel Macron's 64-year-old wife Brigitte on Thursday, saying, ""You know, you're in such good shape... Beautiful."" Trump, while gesturing towards Brigitte, made the comment during his first official visit to Paris. Melania and Donald were visiting a museum complex in Paris with Emmanuel and Brigitte when the encounter occurred."
Airlines can't impose flying ban on anyone: RS Dy Chairman	Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman PJ Kurien on Thursday said airlines have no authority to impose a flying ban on anybody, including parliamentarians. The remark came in response to the issue raised by MP Naresh Agrawal about the recent bans on parliamentarians. If any MP does something against the law, the law of the land should take its course, Kurien added.
Effigies of Rajinikanth burnt, protestors term him Kannadiga	Effigies of Rajinikanth were burnt in Tamil Nadu and protestors from pro-Tamilian groups including Thamizhar Munnetra Padai (TMP) termed him Kannadiga. The protests were in response to the actor hinting that he might join politics in a meeting with fans. TMP leader Veeralakshmi said Tamil political leaders were capable and the state doesn't need someone (referring to Rajinikanth) from Karnataka.
Twitter erupts with jokes, memes after Trump-Pope first meet	After a picture of US President Donald Trump and Pope Francis's first meeting in Vatican surfaced online, Twitter erupted with memes and jokes pointing out the Pope's apparent unhappy expression. While one of the memes featured the two leaders along with paranormal characters from The Conjuring, The Shining, and The Omen, the others showed Trump in Pope's cassock.
China blacklists Winnie the Pooh after comparisons with Prez	"Chinese internet censors have reportedly blacklisted Winnie the Pooh on Chinese social networks WeChat and Weibo. China previously cracked down on Winnie the Pooh when citizens compared the physical appearance of President Xi Jinping to the fictional bear's appearance. A Weibo user wrote, ""Poor Little Winnie. What did this adorable honey-loving bear ever do to provoke anyone?"""
Prannoy beats Kashyap in all-India final to win US?Open	Indian shuttler HS Prannoy won the US Open Grand Prix Gold tournament after defeating Parupalli Kashyap in an all-India final on Sunday. The 25-year-old defeated Kashyap 21-15, 20-22, 21-12  to clinch his third Grand Prix Gold and maiden US Open title. This was the third all-India final this year, after the Singapore Open and Syed Modi International Badminton Championships.
Indian troops kill two militants in J&K encounter	The Indian security forces on Tuesday killed two suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba militants in an encounter in Ganderbal district of Kashmir. The security forces have recovered two AK-47 rifles from the slain militants. The encounter started after militants believed to be hiding inside a house opened fire as soon as security forces cordoned off the Hadoora village.
PM seeks UK's help in return of Vijay Mallya, Lalit Modi	Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday sought British PM Theresa May's help to ensure UK's cooperation to bring back economic offenders including fugitive liquor baron Vijay Mallya and former IPL chief Lalit Modi. Mallya is wanted for default on loans worth nearly ?9,000 crore while Lalit Modi is wanted for a money laundering probe.
SP to not form any alliance for UP polls: Mulayam	"Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Wednesday said the party will not form any alliance for the 2017 UP Assembly polls. He also announced that the party has declared the list of 325 candidates for the polls while 78 other candidates will be announced soon. ""The party which wins UP elections also wins Delhi (Lok Sabha),"" Mulayam added."
?5 lakh robbed from ATM cash van in east Delhi	Around ?5 lakh cash was looted by robbers from a cash van in east Delhi?s Pandav Nagar on Monday, reports said. The incident reportedly occurred when the van had come to replenish a State Bank of India ATM and three men on a bike snatched the bag containing cash in new ?500 and ?2,000 denomination notes from a bank official.
Swami Om claims he slapped Salman Khan on Bigg Boss	Former Bigg Boss 10 contestant Swami Om has claimed that he slapped host Salman Khan when he visited the house for the New Year episode. He added there is no video recording of the incident as there are no cameras in the smoking zone. He has also threatened to sabotage the finale if he is not invited to the show.
World's oldest fungus discovered in South Africa	Fungus-like organisms have been found fossilised in South African rocks dating back 2.4 billion years, pushing the oldest evidence of possible fungal life by at most 2 billion years. The fossils suggest it may have evolved underwater, scientists said. If not a fungus, the organism could be from an extinct branch of life that hasn't been described before, scientists added.
Pic shows Priyanka, Rani dancing at Farah Khan's sangeet	Choreographer and filmmaker Farah Khan has shared old pictures of Priyanka Chopra and Rani Mukerji dancing at Farah's sangeet ceremony in 2004. Farah also shared pictures of her brother Sajid Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, his wife Gauri Khan and Karan Johar from the ceremony. Farah celebrated her 12th wedding anniversary with her husband Shirish Kunder on December 9.
Thailand to check monks' bad habits with smart ID cards	"The military-run Thailand government is planning to issue digital ID cards to Buddhist monks, listing their backgrounds to enable scrutiny by authorities. The move is ""to prevent fake monks using religion, or suspected wrong-doers from hiding their illegal acts behind orange robes,"" officials said. This comes amid a series of scandals ranging from sex and drugs to murders involving monks."
Anil Baijal to succeed Najeeb Jung as new Delhi Lt Governor	Retired bureaucrat Anil Baijal is set to succeed Najeeb Jung as the 21st Lieutenant Governor of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. Baijal, a 1969-batch IAS officer, also served as the Home Secretary in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government. This comes after President Pranab Mukherjee accepted Jung's resignation on Wednesday.
Five-year-old girl fined ?12,500 for running lemonade stall	"A five-year-old girl was fined £150 (?12,500) for running a homemade lemonade stall in London last week, her father said. He said she cried after an enforcement officer ""launched into a legalistic script"" and accused her of trading without a licence after approaching them. The council later cancelled the fine, saying, ""We expect our enforcement officers to show common sense.""n"
Many Muslims were part of Shivaji's army: Owaisi	"Addressing a rally ahead of Mumbai civic body (BMC) polls, AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Sunday said that many Muslims were part of Maratha warrior king Shivaji's army, adding, ""Shivaji Maharaj was pro-poor"". On the ?3,600 crore Shivaji memorial, he said, ""We are not against the memorial?but what about stopping troublesome floods in the city during the monsoon."""
B'luru jail superintendent transferred over Sasikala report	Less than a week after being appointed Chief Superintendent of Bengaluru Central Prison, R Anita was transferred reportedly over her non-cooperation with DIG Roopa's report on special treatment given to AIADMK Amma chief VK Sasikala. Anita who claimed that a senior official had directed her not to share CCTV footage from the jail, later shared an edited copy, reports said.
Special midnight session of Parliament to mark GST rollout	The government has reportedly proposed a special midnight session of the Parliament on June 30 to mark the rollout of Goods and Services Tax (GST), which will be on July 1. President Pranab Mukherjee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will likely address the hour-long session. Both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha will participate in it.
Highest pub in the UK goes on sale for ?7.6 crore	A 17th-century pub, holding the record for being the highest in the UK, is going on sale for £900,000 (nearly ?7.6 crore). It stands 1,732 feet above sea level and was named the highest in the UK by the Guinness Book of World Records in 1976. The landlady said the new owner will need to have stamina, eccentricity, and love.
Kapil Dev inducted into Legends Club 'Hall of Fame'	Former Indian captain Kapil Dev was inducted into the Legends Club 'Hall of Fame' at the Cricket Club of India in Mumbai on Tuesday. He was presented with a citation by ex-India player Madhav Apte, with former India captains Ajit Wadekar, Sunil Gavaskar and Nari Contractor also in attendance. Gavaskar was already inducted in the Hall of Fame in 2013.
3 top AIIMS professors resigned in 6 months over poor salary	"Three top professors at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) Delhi resigned over the last six months for better pay packages. ""In last three years, approximately 17 young faculty members have resigned because of poor salary and non-availability of accommodation,"" a faculty member said. Notably, Assistant Professors' existing pay band and grade pay at AIIMS is ?15,900-?39,100."
Will set up Commission for SC/STs after MCD polls: Kejriwal	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Friday announced his government would set up a Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes after MCD polls. ""We'll bring a law to form a Commission for SC and ST in order to provide justice to the people of these communities,"" he said. Notably, there are over 20 lakh Dalits and Scheduled Castes in Delhi."
Kya Haal Hai: Sushil Modi asks Lalu amid BJP's lead in UP	Amid the counting of votes, Bihar BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi on Saturday asked RJD President Lalu Prasad Yadav over Twitter, 'Kya Haal Hai' (How are you doing?). This comes after latest trends showed that the BJP was leading in over 292 seats in out of 403 seats in Uttar Pradesh. Lalu had backed the SP-Congress alliance in UP.
PWD approves flyover in Ghaziabad's Raj Nagar Extension	The Public Works Department (PWD) has approved the construction of a flyover costing ?50 crore near Ghaziabad's Raj Nagar Extension. The flyover, proposed by the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA), is aimed at decongesting the city roads. The construction of this 538-metre-long split-type flyover will begin after its modified design report is vetted by IIT Roorkee.
Kejriwal approves proposal to build 6,178 flats for poor	"Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Monday approved the proposal to construct 6,178 flats to rehabilitate the slum dwellers living in Lajpat Nagar, Bhalswa, Dev Nagar, Mangol Puri and Ambedkar Nagar. ""The 6178 EWS flats will be constructed at the cost of ?866 crore,"" the Delhi government stated. AAP government?s biggest poll policy was 'Jaha Jhuggi, Wahan Makaan', it added."
Mumbai courier boy who stole 150 mobile phones arrested	"The Mumbai Police on Monday arrested a 24-year old courier boy who allegedly stole 150 mobile phones worth over ?13 lakh. The accused used to deliver mobile phones discarded by online websites like Amazon and Flipkart back to the wholesale shop. ""The accused started stealing one or two phones at each delivery back to the wholesaler,"" according to police."
5 of India's top 10 dirtiest cities in Uttar Pradesh	Five of the top 10 dirtiest cities in India are in Uttar Pradesh, the most for any state, according to data released as part of the Swachh Survekshan Survey 2017. The cities are Gonda, which has been ranked the dirtiest in India, Hardoi, Bahraich, Shahjahanpur and Khurja. Further, 25 cities in the top 50 dirtiest cities are in Uttar Pradesh.
No govt pressure to censor cow, Gujarat in Sen film: Pahlaj	"Censor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani has said that there was no pressure on the Board from the government to remove words like 'cow', 'Gujarat' from the documentary based on Nobel laureate Amartya Sen. He said that the words were offensive and added, ""Referring so insensitively to our politics and religion, could result in a serious breach in....harmony of the country."""
Filmmaker K Viswanath named Dadasaheb Phalke Award winner	Filmmaker-actor K Viswanath (87) will be conferred the Dadasaheb Phalke Award for 2016, I&B Minister M Venkaiah Naidu announced on Monday. The award, which recognises outstanding contribution to the growth and development of Indian cinema, includes a Swarn Kamal and ?10 lakh cash prize. The five-time National Film Awards winner is known for films like Sankarabharanam.
IAS officers to adopt martyred security personnel's families	An association representing the members of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) has said the officers will adopt families of security personnel who lost their lives in Maoist combats, anti-terror operations or law and order duties. The bureaucrats will approach such families within their area of posting and act as facilitators to help them get their dues, including jobs and pensions.
McDonald's announces masala dosa burgers, anda bhurji	Fast-food chain McDonald's has announced that it is adding masala dosa burgers and anda bhurji (scrambled eggs) to its breakfast menu. The Indian breakfast menu, which will be launched on Friday at 44 outlets across Mumbai, will be priced between ?30 and ?135. McDonald's added that the new additions will gradually be introduced across other Indian cities.
685 potholes filled by MMRDA in Mumbai this month	The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) officials claimed that they fixed 685 potholes in Mumbai so far this month. The MMRDA said that it filled 423 potholes on the 26.5-km Western Express Highway and 212 potholes on the 23.5-km Eastern Express Highway. However, residents complained about the use of the outdated technology and faulty methods to fix the potholes.
Rajamouli, I'm sorry for my wrong review of Baahubali 2: KRK	"Actor Kamaal R Khan has apologised to Baahubali 2's director SS Rajamouli for his ""wrong review"" of the film after its box-office success. KRK had earlier tweeted, ""What the f**k is this sir? I came 2theatre 2watch film, not cartoons in the name of #Baahubali2."" KRK had also said that the film's lead actor Prabhas looked like a camel."
Maharashtra bans integrated coaching from next academic year	Maharashtra government on Friday announced that integrated coaching will not be allowed in the state from the next academic year. It will be compulsory to attend college lectures and attendance will be marked through bio-metric system, reports said. Notably, integrated coaching is an arrangement between colleges and coaching centres, in which students don't need to attend college lectures.
India's provocation will trigger confrontation: Chinese media	"Citing the escalated standoff at Doklam, Chinese media on Tuesday stated that if India stirs up conflicts at Line of Actual Control (LAC), it should be ready to face consequences of ""all-out confrontation"". The media asserted that India is concerned with China's rapid economic growth and blamed the former for provoking border conflicts as means of sounding out China."
Rail officials propose installing CCTVs at Mumbai stations	The Western and Central railway authorities have sent a proposal to the Ministry of Railways for installing CCTV cameras in the suburban stations of Mumbai to supervise cleanliness. The station masters' cabins will have TV screens to monitor the same. Officials said that CCTV cameras have already been installed at Churchgate and Mumbai Central stations as part of pilot project.
Demonetisation has cut hawala business by 50%: Report	An internal survey by the government found that demonetisation has affected hawala transactions, with call traffic of hawala agents dropping by as much as 50%, according to reports. The government also found that the impact of demonetisation resulted in a 60% drop in the number of terror attacks in Jammu and Kashmir, the report further stated.
14 JD(U), 12 BJP leaders inducted in Bihar Cabinet	Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday expanded the Cabinet, inducting 27 new ministers which included 14 JD(U), 12 BJP and 1 LJP legislator. The oath-taking ceremony, held at Raj Bhawan in Patna, was attended by the CM along with Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan. This comes after Nitish split from the Grand Alliance and aligned with the BJP-led NDA.
NFL player retires to complete math doctoral degree at MIT	American footballer John Urschel, who played for the Baltimore Ravens, has retired from football to complete his doctoral degree in applied mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Urschel's decision comes after a research involving brains of 111 former NFL players found that 99% of them suffered from a degenerative brain disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).
Photo shows how close flight came to crashing onto 4 planes	Investigators have released pictures showing how close an Air Canada flight came to crashing onto four planes at a US airport last month. Its pilots mistakenly descended towards a taxiway, where four planes were parked, instead of the runway before aborting the landing. Investigators said the incident came within a few feet of becoming one of the worst aviation disasters.
Lalu's daughter paid ?5,000 for Delhi bungalow: I-T Dept	RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav's daughter, Chanda Yadav paid ?5,000 for a bungalow in Delhi's New Friends Colony, an investigation by the Income Tax (IT) Department revealed. The probe further revealed that the bungalow which is co-owned by her siblings Tejaswi and Ragini was acquired via a shell company and the source of company's funding was found to be bogus.
Akshay was 1st choice for Sohail's role in Tubelight: Report	"According to reports, actor Akshay Kumar was the first choice to play actor Sohail Khan's role in the upcoming film 'Tubelight'. However, Salman suggested Sohail as the chemistry between the two as brothers would come automatically. Salman revealed, ""They wanted someone bigger so that we could crack the number game and earn more at the box office."""
Wanted to act after watching Kareena in Jab We Met: Anushka	Actress Anushka Sharma has revealed that after watching Kareena Kapoor's character Geet in 2007 film 'Jab We Met', she felt she should act in films. Kareena won the Best Actress Award at both Filmfare and IIFA awards for her role in the film directed by Imtiaz Ali. Anushka made her Bollywood debut in 2008 film 'Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi'.
British American Tobacco under probe over bribery claims	UK tobacco company British American Tobacco (BAT) is being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) over allegations about involvement in bribery and corruption in Africa. BAT has denied allegations of a whistleblower who handed over multiple documents to SFO. However, BAT has said it is cooperating with UK authorities as campaigners are now urging US government to act.
Youths try to barge into Mohd Shami's house, arrested	A group of men were arrested after allegedly threatening and trying to barge into cricketer Mohammed Shami's Kolkata residence on Saturday. The incident happened after Shami's car, being driven by his driver, almost collided with a motorbike parked near the pacer's house, leading to an argument. The men later manhandled Shami's gatekeeper, after which the player's wife filed an FIR.
Confident that the Indian team will fight back: Sachin	"Following India's 333-run defeat at the hands of Australia in the first Test, former Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar said he is confident that the Indian team will fight back. ""There are good and tough moments. But it is all about how you stand back on your feet again and start competing,"" Sachin said at a marathon event."
98 tigers died across the country in 2016: NTCA	With 98 reported deaths, there has been a 25% rise in the number of tiger deaths this year, National Tiger Conservation Authority reported. Number of tiger deaths in 2015 was 78, it added. The NTCA has stated that all tiger deaths will be treated as poaching unless proven otherwise, making it 65% of the total deaths this year.
2 men slit Delhi rickshaw-puller?s throat after fare dispute	Two men allegedly slit a rickshaw-puller's throat in Delhi following a dispute about the fare of the ride. According to reports, the men were drunk and insisted on paying ?15 instead of ?20. The rickshaw-puller survived the attack and the two accused were reportedly caught soon after the incident.
Gay relationships still criminalised in 72 countries: Report	There are as many as 72 countries and territories worldwide which criminalise same-sex relationships, according to a report by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association. Homosexuality can result in a death penalty in eight countries, including Iran and Saudi Arabia, while in dozen other countries homosexual acts are punishable by a prison sentence, the report added.
Let AAP, Cong explain how they won earlier with EVMs: Shah	"BJP chief Amit Shah on Wednesday slammed Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal after AAP blamed EVMs for their loss in the MCD polls. ""Let Kejriwal first tell the public how he won in Delhi in 2015 with these same EVMs..."" Shah said. ""UPA one and two had also won elections with the same EVMs,"" the BJP leader added."
1st reaction was 'I've to play Sanjay's mother now': Manisha	"Actress Manisha Koirala, while talking about being approached to play Nargis Dutt, said, ""My first reaction was, 'What? I have to play Baba's (Sanjay Dutt) mother now?'"" Manisha added, ""I was always a tomboy on the set when shooting with Baba. I had my reservations as I would end up playing mother's roles. I know how the industry functions."""
GST implemented 17 years after being proposed	The Goods and Services Tax (GST) was first proposed 17 years ago, when the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee formed a GST committee. A proposed model was first placed during 2006 Budget speech, and the then Finance Minister P Chidambaram announced in 2010 that GST will be implemented from April 2011. It finally got President's approval in September 2016.
Male CEO sued for posing as female harassment victim	US-based Fenox Venture Capital's CEO Anis Uzzaman has sued rival firm's male CEO Brandon Hill for allegedly pretending to be a female harassment victim in an anonymous blog post. Uzzaman claims Hill accused him of sexual misconduct in the post to damage his reputation. Uzzaman's attorneys said the blog post was traced to the IP address of his rival's house.
Standoff temporary, won't hit economic, cultural ties: China	"A Chinese Embassy official in New Delhi has said that the ongoing standoff between the armies of India and China will not impact the economic and cultural ties between the two nations. ""India and China have enjoyed historical and cultural connections over thousands of years... This border issue, I reckon, is temporary,"" the official said."
India did not act to stop violence against Africans: Envoys	"Reacting to the recent violence against Africans in India, a group of African envoys said, ""India took no action to prevent violence against Africans. It didn't properly condemn the Greater Noida attack."" They also termed the attacks against African nationals in India as ""xenophobic and racial"" and sought an international inquiry into the matter along with demanding strong condemnation."
Maradona to be ambassador of Chinese Super League	Former Argentina captain Diego Maradona will become the ambassador of the Chinese Super League, the former footballer announced on Instagram on Thursday. The 16-club league reportedly saw over ?2,591 crore (£320 million) being spent on transfers, but matches failed to draw spectators. Ex-Chelsea players Oscar and Ramires, and ex-Manchester City player Carlos Tevez are playing in the tournament.
Share great chemistry with Sushant after Raabta: Kriti Sanon	"Actress Kriti Sanon has said that she shares great chemistry with actor Sushant Singh Rajput after filming 'Raabta' and a music video together. Sushant and Kriti will be seen performing together at the upcoming IIFA awards. Speaking about her preparations for the performance, Kriti said, ""We have rehearsed separately as well as together."""
Modi, Kejriwal wasting time of India, Delhi: Rahul Gandhi	"Campaigning for Congress ahead of MCD polls, party Vice-President Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday accused both PM Narendra Modi and CM Arvind Kejriwal of wasting time of people of the country and the national capital. He further accused Modi and Kejriwal of running ""individual-centric"" governments and ""causing losses"" to the country. Congress governments echo voice of every countryman, he added."
India Women keeper Sushma Verma offered DSP post by HP govt	"India's women's team wicketkeeper Sushma Verma has been offered the post of Deputy Superintendent of Police by the Himachal Pradesh government. CM Virbhadra Singh made the announcement on Tuesday, saying the state was ""proud of her achievement in the international cricket arena"". Sushma, who hails from Shimla, had 15 dismissals, the most by a keeper in this women's World Cup."
No cash withdrawal limit from March 13: RBI	The Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday announced that the cash withdrawal limit on savings accounts will be scrapped from March 13 this year. Further, the current limit of withdrawal fixed at ?24,000 per week will be raised to ?50,000 per week from February 20, the RBI added. The limits on bank withdrawals were placed after demonetisation. nn
Scarlett Johansson, Romain end marriage of 2 years: Report	"As per reports, actress Scarlett Johansson and her husband French journalist Romain Dauriac have ended their marriage of two years. They have a two-year-old daughter Rose Dorothy Dauriac. Following their engagement in 2014, Johansson had said, ""I love his brain more than anything and he does all the sweet gestures for me. He's a gentleman."""
Japan's NHK apologises over talk show guest's Hitler T-shirt	"Japan's public broadcaster NHK has apologised over a cartoon with Adolf Hitler's face that was printed on a T-shirt worn by a talk show guest. The black T-shirt, worn by entrepreneur Takafumi Horie also carried a ""No war"" message on one side and a peace symbol. Responding to a tweet, Horie said it was meant to be an anti-war message."
Molestation case against TVF CEO to be closed: Report	Mumbai Police will reportedly close the probe into the molestation case against The Viral Fever CEO Arunabh Kumar by this week without filing an FIR. While advocate Rizwan Siddhiqui urged the police thrice to file an FIR in the case, Mumbai Police claimed that they can do so only if any victim comes forward personally and not on social media.
I-T Department exposes fake Kolkata firm, seizes ?1.78 crore	The Income-Tax department has exposed a Kolkata-based fake firm and seized unaccounted cash worth ?1.78 crore from its account at an Axis Bank branch. The money was deposited in the fake firm's account after the demonetisation move. A Varanasi-based local businessman and his wife were found registered as the firm's directors, who denied any links with the deposited money.
Man steals designer saris for wife to wear at beauty pageant	"A Chhattisgarh primary school teacher has been arrested for allegedly stealing two designer saris worth ?56,000 for his wife to wear at local beauty pageant 'Sawan Sundari'. The police said Srikant Gupta ""admitted he could not afford the saris, but did not want his wife to feel inferior among other women of the community."" Gupta reportedly earns ?2,500 per month."
Dalits asked to use soaps, scents before meeting Adityanath	"The authorities in Uttar Pradesh's Kushinagar reportedly asked the members of a Dalit community to clean themselves with soaps, shampoos and apply scents before meeting Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath. A resident of the area also alleged that new toilets, roads were constructed and lights were installed in their slum ""within no time"" ahead of the CM's visit to the area."
1,500 AIIMS doctors to learn taekwondo for safety at work	Amid rising cases of violence against doctors, nearly 1,500 resident doctors from New Delhi's AIIMS have decided to learn taekwondo to help defend themselves on duty. Earlier, over 3,000 doctors in Maharashtra had gone on strike for five days over the increasing incidents of violence against doctors. AIIMS doctors had also worn helmets to work in solidarity with their colleagues.
Malayalam news channel starts period leave for women workers	"Malayalam news channel Mathrubhumi has announced a 'First Day of Period' leave for its female employees. The additional leave will not be counted under sick leave, and will soon be extended to the company's online and print ventures. ""We felt that it was a very good and practical practice to adopt. And so the decision was taken,"" the company said."
Indian arrested for bomb threat in US; Swaraj seeks report	External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has sought a report from the Indian Embassy after a 53-year-old Indian was arrested at a US airport for allegedly making a bomb threat. The airport was evacuated and operations resumed after no bomb was found. Swaraj intervened after his wife contacted her on Twitter, claiming that he was falsely implicated.
Defence canteens to go cashless from March 1: Report	India's third largest retail chain ? defence canteens ? will only accept plastic money from March 1, a report has claimed. As per the report, the Canteen Stores Department (CSD) has almost 1.2 crore direct customers in form of serving and retired personnel along with their families. Around 3,900 CSD stores across India sell over 5,300 products on discounted rates.
I-T dept recovers ?5 cr from K'taka Min hosting Gujarat MLAs	"The Income Tax Department recovered ?5 crore in cash from Karnataka minister DK Shivakumar's Delhi residence after it raided 39 places linked to the in-charge of hospitality for 44 Gujarat Congress MLAs in Bengaluru. Meanwhile, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said, ""In order to meet political conspiracies, I-T department has been used. This is not fair in politics."""
45% drop in deposits by Indians in Swiss banks: PM Modi	PM Narendra Modi has said there has been a 45% decrease in deposits by Indians in Swiss banks. Addressing chartered accountants on the foundation day of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, Modi said the deposits had risen sharply in 2013. He added people with black money will face more difficulties when Switzerland begins automatic information exchange in two years.
What had happened in the 1999 Kargil War?	The Kargil War was fought between India and Pakistan between May and July 1999, in Jammu & Kashmir's Kargil district. The Pakistani side crossed the LoC at Army Chief General Pervez Musharraf's command, and mutilated bodies of six Indian soldiers were returned to India. India launched the Operation Vijay and reclaimed all posts, terming it a success on July 26.
Compensation for disabled paramilitary jawans upped to ?20L	The Home Ministry has more than doubled the compensation for paramilitary personnel suffering 100% disability in action, increasing it from ?9 lakh to ?20 lakh. This will be applicable to personnel whose disability is attributed to or aggravated in service from January 1, 2016. The new policy will cover 10 lakh personnel in eight forces under the home ministry.
Cop mocked by Shobhaa De undergoes surgery in Mumbai	"Madhya Pradesh policeman Daulatram Jogawat, who weighed around 180 kg and was mocked by writer-columnist Shobhaa De on Twitter, on Thursday underwent a gastric bypass surgery in Mumbai. Gastric bypass surgery is aimed at reducing the volume of the stomach to curb the food intake. ""A wrong tweet has changed my life,"" Jogawat said before his surgery."
Two Muslim women divorced over WhatsApp by US-based husbands	"As per reports, two women living in Hyderabad were divorced by their respective US-based husbands over instant messaging mobile application WhatsApp. The women have lodged a police complaint in Hyderabad against their husbands, who are brothers. ""Sharia law lets you divorce me, but who is going to look after our children? They have made marriage a joke,"" the women said."
Shahid's sister Sanah engaged to actor Mayank Pahwa: Report	As per reports, Shahid Kapoor's sister Sanah Kapoor got engaged to actor Mayank Pahwa in a low-key ceremony earlier this month. Mayank is the son of actors Manoj Pahwa and Seema Pahwa, known for her role of 'Badki' in the Doordarshan series 'Hum Log'. Reportedly, the news of their engagement was accidentally revealed by late Om Puri's estranged wife Nandita. nn
BJP to launch separate cell for young women in Delhi	The Bharatiya Janata Party in Delhi plans to launch a separate cell for young women between the age group of 18 to 25 years for the first time, according to reports. The independent 'Yuvti Prakoshth' (Young Women's Cell) will focus on those females who stay at home and are not politically active due to different reasons, the reports added.
14 yrs jail for killing cow, 2 yrs for killing people: Judge	A Delhi judge noted the difference in punishment for killing cows and people, while sentencing a man for causing death by rash driving. ?The sentence for killing cow is five, seven, or 14 years in different states, but the sentence for causing the death of a human being through rash or negligent driving is only two years,? he said.
Ravi Shastri to be paid ?7 crore per year as coach: Reports	"Team India coach Ravi Shastri will reportedly receive an annual compensation of ?7 crore, less than the ?9 crore that was demanded by former coach Anil Kumble. A four-member panel appointed by the Committee of Administrators will however decide the final pay. Kumble had reportedly asked for an amount at par with Grade A players, which BCCI considered ""too high""."
GST reform is really an act of courage: IMF Chief Lagarde	"IMF Chief Christine Lagarde has said, ""The GST reform is really an act of courage,"" adding,  she expects ""some positive outcome"" as a result of the decision. Lagarde also stated she is impressed by other reforms, like the bankruptcy reform, being carried out by Indian government. Commenting on demonetisation, Lagarde said the situation after the move has ""improved significantly""."
Andhra CM announces ?50 lakh cash reward for Srikanth	Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu announced a ?50-lakh cash reward and a 1,000-square-yard plot in the Amaravati region for shuttler Kidambi Srikanth after his Indonesia Open and Australian Open triumphs. The CM also presented ?15 lakh to Srikanth's coach, Pullela Gopichand. Notably, Srikanth became the first Indian badminton player to win two back-to-back Superseries titles.
South Africa's Marais Erasmus named ICC Umpire of the Year	South Africa's Marais Erasmus has been named the ICC Umpire of the Year and the recipient of the David Shepherd Trophy at the ICC Awards on Thursday. Erasmus was selected after a vote by the ICC's elite panel of match referees and Test-playing captains. Erasmus, who officiated in the recent India-England Test series, is the fifth recipient of the trophy.
Crime rises in Delhi with a rape case reported every 4 hours	Crime in Delhi increased for the third straight year in 2016 and three out of every four cases went unsolved, according to official data. Women made a distress call to the helplines every nine minutes on an average, a molestation complaint was received every two hours and a rape case was registered every four hours, the data revealed.
Ranchi becomes India's 26th Test venue	Ranchi's JSCA Stadium has become India's 26th Test venue, hosting the third Test between India and Australia which began on Thursday. The stadium, the world's 113th Test centre, hosted its first international match in January 2013, an India-England ODI. Since then, it has hosted four more international games including a T20I, with India winning three matches at the venue.
Teenagers arrested in London after 5 acid attack incidents	"Two teenagers aged 15 and 16 were arrested over a series of five acid attacks that took place in less than 90 minutes in London on Thursday. Calling the incidents ""completely barbaric"", police officials said the attacks were carried out by two male suspects on a moped. The attackers stole the moped from one of the victims, police officials added."
5 killed as Kolkata-bound train rams into car in Bangladesh	Five people, including four from a family, were killed when the Kolkata-bound Maitree Express rammed into a car at a level crossing in Gazipur, Bangladesh on Sunday. The train which runs between India and Bangladesh reportedly dragged the car for around 200 metres. Railway officials admitted that the level crossing was unmanned and it did not have a boom barrier.
UP CM orders investigation into Gomti riverfront project	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Saturday ordered an investigation into the Gomti riverfront project within 45 days. Adityanath was unhappy that although two years had lapsed, and over ?1,427 crore had been spent, only 60% of the work was complete, an official release said. The project was launched to channelise the river by the Akhilesh Yadav government.
All G20 countries except US vow to fight climate change	"All G20 member countries except the US on Saturday reaffirmed the 2015 Paris climate accord as ""irreversible"". German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there had been no compromise on climate change and called the US position ""regrettable"". However, the US affirmed its strong commitment to an approach that lowers emissions while supporting economic growth and improving energy security needs."
Taj Palace, Leela, Delhi Golf Club on tax defaulter list	At least 11 five-star hotels in Delhi, including the Taj Palace and the Leela, are on the tax defaulter list of New Delhi Municipal Council. Taj Palace owes ?42 crore and The Leela owes ?18 crore to the council. Moreover, the highest tax defaulter was Delhi Golf Club which owes the NDMC ?700 crore.
Netflix registers over 10 crore subscribers worldwide	"On-demand video streaming service Netflix has registered over 10 crore (100 million) subscribers worldwide with over 40 lakh subscriptions received outside the US in the past three months. ""Our streaming membership grew more than expected, from 99 million to 104 million, due to our amazing content,"" said Netflix CEO Reed Hastings. Netflix is currently available in over 190 countries."
First chikungunya vaccine made from harmless virus	In a first, US-based scientists claim to have developed a vaccine for chikungunya fever from an insect-specific virus that does not affect people. Scientists used an Eilat virus clone to design a hybrid virus-based vaccine, which is structurally identical to the natural chikungunya virus. The hybrid virus can replicate in mosquitoes, but not in mammals.
15 arrested for sedition after cheering for Pakistan in MP	Madhya Pradesh police have arrested 15 people in Burhanpur district and charged them with sedition for allegedly cheering for Pakistan after the Champions Trophy final against India on Sunday. The police registered an FIR after locals complained about the boys, who were reportedly raising pro-Pakistan and anti-India slogans. Police said they were apprehensive that a communal situation could erupt.
Don't celebrate MCD win: BJP to cadre after Sukma attack	Ahead of declaration of MCD results, BJP had asked its supporters not to celebrate any victory out of respect for the 25 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawans who were martyred in a Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh's Sukma district. The initial trends showed BJP  leading in all three MCDs - North, South and East.
Man found dead at Delhi police station, kin allege foul play	A 32-year-old man on Wednesday was found hanging inside the washroom of a Delhi police station after he was called for interrogation. His family alleged that he could have been emotionally and physically tortured. Police said the man was named as a suspect in the kidnapping case of a married woman with whom he had been in a relationship earlier.
Arjun to replace Akshay in Namastey London sequel: Report	"According to reports, Arjun Kapoor will replace Akshay Kumar in Namastey England, a sequel to the 2007 Vipul Shah directed film Namastey London. A source said, ""Arjun was keen...but he wanted to make sure that Akshay had no problems about the franchise moving forward without him."" Namastey England, like the first film, will reportedly be shot in Punjab and UK."
Rajasthan vendors protest child marriages by refusing supply	Over 45,000 tent vendors from the Rajasthan Tent Dealers Kiraya Vyavsai Samiti have reportedly refused to supply to weddings without verifying the birth certificates of the bride and groom, to protest the custom of child marriage. Further, the association will inform the nearest police station in case there is any discrepancy in the birth certificates.
Never want my children to go through reality shows: Sunidhi	"Singer Sunidhi Chauhan, while talking about reality shows that feature kids, said she would never want her children to go through these shows. She added, ""They don't need to mature ahead of their age."" Sunidhi, who won a singing reality show when she was 13, believes that children are ""exposed to so much, so soon"" in reality shows these days."
Horse crashes into moving car through windscreen due to heat	A horse broke its harness tied to a tonga and crashed through the windscreen of a car as it went berserk due to intense heat in Rajasthan's Jaipur on Monday. The accident resulted in injuries for the animal and the car's owner who was driving it. While the animal is still recuperating, the car owner was discharged after first aid.
98 Johnnie Walker bottles disappear from Punjab govt lab	Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh has ordered an inquiry into alleged disappearance of 98 Johnnie Walker scotch bottles from Punjab State Drug Food and Chemical Testing Laboratory. The bottles were deposited with the lab as samples of liquor seized by state police. The incident came to light when a raid was carried out following complaints of irregularities at the lab.
Man carries dead granddaughter after being denied ambulance	A man in Faridabad was forced to carry the dead body of his granddaughter on his shoulder after allegedly being denied an ambulance by a government hospital. The family of the deceased has also claimed that the doctors did not give her adequate attention, due to which she lost her life.
Samsung unveils touchscreen convertible laptop at ?30,000	Samsung has announced two Chrome OS-based convertible laptops, Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with a touchscreen display starting at $449 (?30,500). The laptops, which have a pressure sensitive 360-degree rotating screen, come with a stylus. The Chromebooks have 4 GB of RAM with 32 GB of storage and claim to have a battery life of up to 8 hours.
AAP to back Meira Kumar in presidential election	The Aam Aadmi Party will support UPA's nominee and former Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar in the presidential election, as per reports. An official decision in this regard would reportedly be taken by AAP's Political Affairs Committee. The political party has further debunked reports claiming that the AAP would not take part in the presidential elections.
Tirupati temple gets ?4cr in scrapped notes after note ban	Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh has received over ?4 crore in demonetised ?500 and ?1000 rupee notes from devotees as donations after the note exchange deadline had expired, a shrine administrator said. The temple administration has written to the government and the Reserve Bank of India on the issue and is awaiting a reply, the official added.
B'desh court orders doctors to write readable prescriptions	Bangladesh court has ordered doctors to write easy-to-read prescriptions in block letters or type them to prevent wrong medicines being issued to patients. The government has been asked to issue a circular for the same and provide a report within six weeks. The court also said that doctors must use generic drug names rather than specifying particular brands.
Farmers oppose land acquisition for proposed Noida airport	Farmer leaders of Jewar have said they will start campaigning to convince other farmers to not give their land for the proposed Noida International Airport. Demanding a higher price for their land, the farmers have threatened protests against the government. Reportedly, authorities have been directly purchasing land from farmers, instead of acquiring it through the Land Acquisition Act.
Recall what happened in 1971: Venkaiah Naidu to Pakistan	"NDA Vice Presidential nominee Venkaiah Naidu on Sunday said that Pakistan should ""recall what happened in 1971,"" and focus on their own country and maintain peace there. ""Pakistan is mixing terrorism with religion. It has unfortunately become Pakistan's state policy,"" he added. India had won the 13-day war against Pakistan in 1971, which resulted in the liberation of Bangladesh."
China mall installs 'Donald Trump-like' rooster statue	A mall in China's Shanxi has created a rooster statue resembling US President-elect Donald Trump. Smaller replicas of the statue are available for sale, with prices starting from ?3,800 to ?1.1 lakh for a 32-feet-tall statue. Notably, the new year in China, which will begin on January 28, is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese zodiac.
'Aloo' gang member arrested with illegal arms in Gurugram	The Gurugram Police on Thursday arrested a man belonging to the Rewari-based 'Aloo' gang for allegedly possessing illegal arms and recovered two country-made pistols and 12 live cartridges. He was reportedly in Sohna to murder a member of the rival 'Jhota' gang. The 'Aloo' gang is wanted for several cases of murder and attempted murder.
Cong top brass chose me over Sheila Dikshit: Ajay Maken	"Congress' Delhi unit President Ajay Maken, who had resigned from the party after MCD polls debacle, on Wednesday said party's high command chose him over ex-Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit to continue as city chief. ""Our vote percentage has substantially increased and we are ready to take on the BJP and the AAP from the grassroot level,"" he said."
Mumbai civic body forms 'Special 360' to check dengue	The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has formed 'Special 360' team to tackle spreading of dengue in the city. The team will visit areas with highest number of dengue cases across 24 wards to check mosquito breeding and to create awareness. This comes after 59 patients tested positive for dengue at city hospitals between June 1 and July 15 this year.
Govt can't make Aadhaar mandatory for welfare schemes: SC	The Supreme Court on Monday said that the Aadhaar card can't be made mandatory by the government for extending the benefits of its welfare schemes to the people. The top court, however, also said that the government cannot be stopped from using Aadhaar in other schemes like the opening of bank accounts.
Did not overcharge patients for stents, says Max Healthcare	"Max Healthcare has denied overcharging patients for stents and insisted it was complying with the guidelines on the medical device's pricing. ""We have not overcharged even a single patient for stent. We have complied fully and immediately with the NPPA order on stent pricing,"" it said. Notably, some hospitals have been issued show cause notices after investigations over stent pricing."
Budget allocation to women, child development raised by 25%	The Centre has increased the budget allocation for Women and Child Development by about 25% to ?22,095 crore. The government has also allocated ?2,700 crore for the maternity benefit scheme which entitles ?6,000 per pregnant woman. However, the allocation for Nirbhaya fund, which includes supporting NGOs working for the safety of women, has remained constant at ?500 crore.
Actress Saiyami Kher shares picture with Roger Federer	"Actress Saiyami Kher took to Twitter to share a picture with tennis player Roger Federer. ""Moral of the story. When you really want something, you get it! I met Federer and watched him win!!"" she wrote in the photo's caption. Notably, Federer won his record 8th Wimbledon men's singles title on Sunday."
Bill to increase Parliament sittings to 100 days tabled	A Private Member's Bill has been tabled in the Rajya Sabha which seeks to ensure that the Parliament meets for at least 100 days every year. The bill, submitted by Shiromani Akali Dal MP Naresh Gujral, also calls for special sessions for fifteen days to discuss two issues of utmost public importance. Currently, the Parliament meets for 70-80 days annually.
Quit by 10 AM tomorrow or get fired: Tech Mahindra to worker	A Tech Mahindra employee was asked by an HR executive to resign by 10 AM the next day or else face termination, an audio clip revealed. The executive told him that this was part of cost optimisation. When the employee tried to reason with her, she told him the company reserves all rights to let associates go whenever it wants.
Man claims to be Jayalalithaa's son, stakes property claim	"Krishnamurthy, a resident of Erode in Tamil Nadu, has filed a complaint with the state's Chief Secretary claiming that he is the only son of Jayalalithaa and that his mother was killed. ""She (Sasikala) pushed my mother down the stairs on 22nd September and killed her,"" Krishnamurthy alleged. Krishnamurthy also stated that he is the rightful heir to Jayalalithaa's properties."
PV Sindhu elected as member of BWF Athletes' Commission	India's Olympic silver medallist PV Sindhu became one of the members of the BWF Athletes' Commission. The 21-year-old Indian topped the ballot with 129 votes, and is among the three female players to be elected to the commission. Notably, Sindhu has been elected for four years and will join Saina Nehwal as the member of the players' representative body.
Kendrick Lamar's Humble receives most nominations at MTV VMA	Rapper Kendrick Lamar received eight nominations for his music video 'Humble' at the MTV Video Music Award this year. He was followed by The Weeknd and Katy Perry, who received five nominations each. Notably, MTV has eliminated gendered categories for the Video Music Awards, similar to that of its Movie Awards which were held earlier this year.
BCCI cuts short Kohli's 1st interview post coach appointment	BCCI intervened and cut short Indian captain Virat Kohli's first official media interaction after the appointment of Ravi Shastri as the team's head coach. The media interaction, which was the last before the team left for the Sri Lanka tour on Wednesday, was supposed to be 15 minutes long but was cut short to 10 minutes.
Voting for Delhi municipal corporation election begins	Voting in Municipal Corporation of Delhi elections for 272 wards across three corporations took place on Sunday. More than 1.3 crore people including 1.1 lakh first-time voters are expected to vote, with the counting to be held on April 26. This is the first time that voters are being given the 'None of the Above' option in Delhi's municipal elections.
US tests unarmed intercontinental ballistic missile	The US Air Force on Wednesday successfully launched an unarmed intercontinental ballistic missile from California, the fourth such test this year. The test will show the readiness and effectiveness of the weapon system, officials said. The launch comes amid concerns over North Korea which recently tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles which it claims has the range to reach the US.
AAP MLAs cross-voted in presidential polls: BJP	"The leader of Opposition in Delhi Assembly, Vijender Gupta on Monday said that a few Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) legislators cross-voted in favour of NDA's presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind. ""A number of MLAs had already threatened to vote against the UPA candidate. Having realised the same, Kejriwal...asked them to vote as per their conscience,"" Gupta added."
210 govt websites display personal info of Aadhaar holders	Parliament on Wednesday was informed that about 210 official websites of central and state governments publicly display personal details, including the Aadhaar number, of the beneficiaries under various schemes. MoS for IT PP Chaudhary said that UIDAI has taken note of the problem and has been monitoring the status regularly to get the Aadhaar data removed from the said websites.
Teacher stripped girls for poor marks, school denies charges	A teacher of a private school in Haridwar district of Uttarakhand has been accused of stripping two girls in front of the class for performing poorly in a test held for English subject. While the parents of the girls lodged a complaint against the teacher and the school management, the allegation has been refuted by the school authorities.
Bengaluru patient plays guitar during brain surgery	A 37-year-old patient played the guitar while undergoing a seven-hour brain surgery at a private hospital in Bengaluru. The patient was suffering from Musician's Dystonia, a neurological muscle disorder causing involuntary muscle contractions. He played the guitar to help doctors target the problem area, as he suffered from the condition only while playing the guitar.
China shuts down over 3,900 illegal websites	Over 3,900 illegal websites were shut down by China's Internet watchdogs from April to June this year, according to reports. The websites included those that published content which jeopardised national security, and those that spread violence, vulgarity or ungrounded rumours, Cyberspace Administration of China said.  Notably, China operates the world's largest Internet censorship regime.
SEBI bars Vijay Mallya from securities market	"Market Regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) on Wednesday barred liquor baron Vijay Mallya and six others from the securities market in a case related to alleged fund diversions from United Spirits Ltd. SEBI also restrained Mallya from ""holding the position as director or key managerial person of any listed company."""
Canada sets free 1985 Air India Kanishka bomber Inderjit	Inderjit Singh Reyat, the only person convicted in the case related to the bombing of Air India flight 182, called Emperor Kanishka, in 1985 has been released by the Parole Board of Canada. Reyat had served two-thirds of a nine-year jail sentence for perjury in connection with the bombing of Air India flight 182 that killed 329 people.
Salman pays ?44 cr as Bollywood's highest advance tax payer	Salman Khan has paid ?44.5 crore to become Bollywood's highest advance tax payer for 2016-17. Kapil Sharma submitted an advance tax of ?23.9 crore as compared to only ?7 crore in 2015-16. However, the Income Tax department declined to give advance tax figures for Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai as they're under investigation over Panama Papers case.
The fatally poisonous Blowfish is a delicacy in Japan	The Pufferfish, commonly known as Blowfish and Fugu, is considered a delicacy in Japan even though it is fatally poisonous. Reportedly 1200 times more poisonous than cyanide and without a known antidote, Fugu poisoning can cause death by asphyxiation within 10 minutes. Japan strictly controls its restaurant preparation by law, and chefs take 3-10 years' training to prepare it properly.
No change in fee structure, word limit for RTI queries: Govt	"The Centre has said that it is committed to easy and full implementation of the RTI after it faced criticism for the proposed amendments to the rules. ""It has been alleged that the size of the RTI has been restricted to 500 words... But there is no change in fee structure or word limit in RTI,"" the government stated."
Won't grow my hair again, says Mahendra Singh Dhoni	"Former India captain MS Dhoni has said he will not go back to his old long-haired look in the future. ""I will never grow my hair again,"" Dhoni said when asked if he will change his hairstyle now that he is relieved of the leadership burden. The former skipper sported long, brown hair when he debuted in 2004."
Asha Bhosle gets ?53,000 power bill for unused bungalow	The Maharashtra government has initiated an inquiry after 83-year-old singer Asha Bhosle complained of receiving an electricity bill of over ?53,000 for her unused bungalow in Lonawala. The state electricity department is investigating the unit consumption and will amend the bill if necessary. Bhosle claims of receiving similar bills in the past for the bungalow that is mostly locked.
Got my debut film on my 25th birthday: Bhumi Pednekar	"Actress Bhumi Pednekar, who turned 28 on Tuesday, has said that she got a confirmation call for her debut film Dum Laga Ke Haisha on her 25th birthday. Bhumi added, ""I didn't know how to react because I remember going back to sleep again. I was in shock I guess."" Dum Laga Ke Haisha also starred Ayushmann Khurrana."
Be vegetarian, no cricket during family time: RSS on values	The RSS has started a family counselling programme issuing guidelines on public and private conduct, wherein it visits people's homes and advices them to be vegetarians and wear Indian attire.The RSS further asks families to avoid discussing politics and cricket during family time. Reportedly, the RSS also asked people about their favourite TV channels/shows and how they celebrate birthdays.
Never thought I'd take 10 wickets in an innings: Anil Kumble	"Team India coach Anil Kumble, who is only the second bowler to take 10 Test wickets in an innings, has said he never thought he would be able to achieve the feat. ""It can happen tomorrow...or it may not happen at all...I don't think anybody gave me a chance of picking up ten wickets. It's very rare,"" said Kumble."
Gayle returns to WI squad after 15 months for India T20I	Windies' highest run scorer in T20Is, Chris Gayle has been included in the 13-man squad for the one-off T20I against India, marking his return to the international circuit after a 15-month gap. Gayle's last international match was the World T20 final against England in April 2016. The T20I match between India and Windies will be held on July 9.
Chelsea top EPL table after posting 9th win on the trot	Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League table after registering their ninth win on the trot with a 1-0 win over West Bromwich Albion at the Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Diego Costa scored the match's only goal in the 76th minute, thereby taking his season's tally to 12 goals in 15 appearances so far.
Pak court begins hearing against PM Sharif in Panama case	Pakistan's Supreme Court on Monday began hearings on the Panama Papers case against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. This comes after the SC-appointed Joint Investigation Team (JIT) panel found the country's leader guilty of financial irregularities including tax evasion. The court is expected to put Sharif on trial on corruption charges or disqualify him, however, Sharif has denied any wrongdoing.
Kohli is already batting in nets: Umesh Yadav	"Indian fast bowler Umesh Yadav on Friday said that captain Virat Kohli is already batting in the nets and is fit to bat against Australia in the Ranchi test. ""Bandage will obviously remain after an injury. But I think he's fit to play. The way he's practising at the nets it seems he's all set to come back,"" said Yadav."
Bengaluru cancels David Guetta's show scheduled for tonight	The organisers of French disc jockey David Guetta's show have cancelled his concert which was scheduled for Thursday night in Bengaluru. Law and order issues following the molestation incident during New Year's eve have been cited as the reason. The organisers said they hope to reschedule the concert if they get permission from the authorities and the artist.
Pic shows Hindu CRPF officer guarding as Muslim offers namaz	"A picture showing a Hindu CRPF officer standing guard as a Muslim officer offers his namaz during duty hours has gone viral. The picture was originally shared on CRPF's official Twitter account, with the caption 'Brothers-in-arms for peace'. ""Pic wid million of words n msg, it represnt what we're n real sprit of Harmony"", a person tweeted on the picture."
Toddler's dead body pulled out from borewell after 58 hrs	A 14-month-old girl's dead body was pulled out from an open borewell after 58 hours of rescue operation. The toddler was playing with her elder sister when she accidentally fell into the nearly 450-foot-deep open borewell in a village near Hyderabad on Thursday. The police called off the rescue operation at 6 AM on Sunday after her remains were retrieved.
Obamas to board Air Force One for final time for vacation	Outgoing United States President Barack Obama and his family will board Air Force One for the last time to fly to Palm Springs, California for a vacation after Donald Trump's inauguration on Friday. Notably, it is a tradition for the outgoing president to take one last flight on the presidential plane before handing it over to the new president.
Install alarms in hostels to check ragging: UGC to varsities	The University Grants Commission has directed universities across the country to install alarm bells in hostels to keep a check on ragging-related activities. A circular issued by UGC also stated that if institutions fail to punish perpetrators suitably, it will attract punitive action. Notably, 288 ragging complaints have been received by the anti-ragging call centre so far this year.
Expelled Congress leader Barkha Shukla Singh joins BJP	"Expelled Congress leader Barkha Shukla Singh, who was also the former chief of Delhi Commission for Women, on Saturday joined the BJP. Barkha had accused Congress' Delhi unit chief Ajay Maken of ""misbehaving"" with her and had called party's Vice-President Rahul Gandhi ""mentally unfit"". Later, she was expelled from Congress for allegedly carrying out anti-party activities."
Gandhi was once called 'half-naked fakir' by Churchill	"Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once called Mahatma Gandhi ""a seditious Middle Temple lawyer, now posing as a fakir... striding half-naked up the steps of the Viceregal Palace."" Churchill was unhappy at Gandhi's participation at the Second Round Table Conference in London in 1931. Churchill even suggested Gandhi should be allowed to die if he goes on hunger strike."
India to play record 23 home matches in 4 months this year	Team India will play a record 23 home matches this year from September to December, the BCCI announced on Tuesday. India will host Australia, New Zealand and Sri Lanka during the season, with the team playing a total of three Tests, 11 ODIs and nine T20Is at home. Thiruvananthapuram and Barsapara in Assam may be added as Test venues.
BJP MP equates Priyanka Gandhi to 'special utensil of steel'	"BJP MP Mahendra Nath Pandey equated Priyanka Gandhi to 'special utensil of steel' kept in houses in UP villages. ""Whenever special guests visit us, we clean it (special utensils) and keep it on the eating table. After they go away we keep it back,"" he said. ""Whenever elections come, Congress brings out Priyanka and then keeps her back,"" he added."
Mumbai Police unable to trace TVF Founder Arunabh: Reports	The Mumbai Police is reportedly unable to reach or locate The Viral Fever (TVF) Founder Arunabh Kumar, a day after he was booked on sexual harassment charges. Following the FIR, police were supposed to send Kumar summons on Thursday, but they haven't been able to find him. The police even went to the TVF office, but Kumar was not there.
Telangana CM gifts bungalows worth ?1 crore to 117 MLAs	Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao has reportedly announced to gift office-cum-residence bungalows worth ?1 crore each to all 117 legislators in the Assembly. The bungalows would be constructed in the constituencies of the MLAs within a 500 square yard area. The state's first such bungalow is set to be inaugurated at the Parkal constituency of Warangal district on Thursday.
Used condoms as water balloons during Holi as a child: Rakhi	"Actress Rakhi Sawant said that as a child, she used condoms in place of water balloons while playing Holi. ""[W]e would fill condoms with coloured water and use them instead. I did not know what condoms were back then, so I played with them a lot,"" she added. This year, she celebrated Holi in white attire and a neon wig."
SC orders clubbing of two trials in Babri Masjid case	The Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered the clubbing of two trials in the Babri Masjid demolition case. Notably, the case involving unnamed 'karsevaks' is being heard in a Lucknow court, while the second case related to the BJP leaders was being heard in a Raebareli court until now. Both the matters will now be heard in the Lucknow court.
Jinder Mahal to fight Randy Orton in Punjabi Prison match	Indian WWE fighter Jinder Mahal is set to fight former champion Randy Orton for the WWE Championship belt on WWE Battleground's Punjabi Prison match on July 23. Mahal will be defending his title after successfully defeating Orton in the 'Money in the Bank'. Notably, there have only been two Punjabi Prison matches in WWE's history.
Congress calls Kashmir 'Indian-occupied Kashmir' in booklet	"The Uttar Pradesh Congress on Saturday released a booklet in Lucknow in which Kashmir was labelled as 'Indian-occupied Kashmir'. The booklet, released to target BJP-led NDA government on completion of three years, was released by Ghulam Nabi Azad and Raj Babbar. Congress leader Ajay Maken said it was a ""printing error"" and apologised for the same."
Modi pays homage to Indian World War I heroes in Israel	"PM Narendra Modi visited the Haifa Indian Cemetery in Israel today and paid his homage to  Indian soldiers who laid down their lives during the World War I in 1918. ""I am deeply honoured to stand here today to salute the valiant Indian soldiers,"" Modi said. The war heroes died while protecting Haifa from the forces of the Ottoman Empire."
2 held in Goa for distributing pamphlets with ISIS symbols	"The police arrested two Kerala men near Goa's capital Panaji on Monday for distributing pamphlets that allegedly contained the Islamic State symbol and a message titled ""ISIS Shaitan"". The pamphlets, in Kannada language, were about a convention of Salafi Muslims to be held in Mangalore (Karnataka) in January. The arrested persons have been identified as Ilyas and Abdul Nazir."
BJP MP tosses plastic bottle into river as UP Min watches	BJP MP from Barabanki Priyanka Rawat tossed a plastic water bottle into Saryu during an inspection of an embankment on the river. Rawat was accompanied by UP Water Resources Minister Dharampal Singh, who, incidentally, gave a speech on how to keep rivers clean. Singh and Rawat had travelled more than 100 kilometres to Gonda from Lucknow for the embankment inspection.
V-C wants Army tank in JNU for nationalism in students	"Jawaharlal Nehru University's Vice-Chancellor M Jagadesh Kumar has requested the government to get an Army tank for the campus to instill a feeling of nationalism in the students. ""The tank will remind students of the great sacrifices and valour of Indian Army"", Kumar said. He was speaking at the celebration of the Kargil Vijay Divas at the campus."
Maha minister attends wedding of Dawood's relative: Report	As per reports, Maharashtra minister Girish Mahajan, Nashik Mayor Ranjana Bhanasi, Deputy Mayor Prathamesh Gite, and several police officers attended a wedding of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim's relative in the area recently. While this has sparked a controversy, Nashik Police Commissioner Ravindra Singhal has ordered an inquiry against the police officers who attended the event.
Mumbai man murders wife for 'going to work'	A Mumbai man was arrested on Saturday for allegedly murdering his wife after getting into an argument with her for going to work against his wishes. Police officials said the man hacked her to death with a sickle. He hid in the jungles of Dhulia after the incident and was caught by the police before he could enter Madhya Pradesh.
Delhi govt to set up 'Punjabi chair' at JNU	The Delhi government has decided to set up a 'Punjabi chair' at Jawaharlal Nehru University to promote research work in the Punjabi language, Delhi Culture and Languages Minister Kapil Mishra said. The state government will give around ?50 lakh to the project annually, he added. The chair will function under the School of Language, Literature and Culture Studies of JNU.
Pulitzer prize winning playwright Sam Shepard passes away	Playwright-actor Sam Shepard, who won the Pulitzer Prize in 1979 for his play 'Buried Child', passed away at the age of 73. He died of complications from Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), a disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. Shepard also received an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor for his role in 'The Right Stuff'.
Kejriwal sparks row by staying in alleged ex-militant house	Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has sparked a controversy for staying in the house of alleged ex-militant and Khalistan Liberation Front activist Gurwinder Singh during his Punjab visit on Saturday. Singh, an acquitted Khalistan Commando Force militant, is accused of inciting Sikh-Hindu riots in Punjab and was jailed in various cases including murder. He is reportedly working for KLF from England.
India prepares Israeli SPYDER air defence missile system	The Indian Air Force is preparing a security web with the Israeli SPYDER air defence missile system on the borders with Pakistan to tackle any aircraft, cruise missile or drone that tries to violate Indian airspace. SPYDER is a low-level, quick reaction missile to neutralise hostile targets up to 15 km away and at heights between 20 and 9,000 metres.
Namastey Canada is not Namastey London's sequel: Director	"Filmmaker Vipul Shah has said that the upcoming Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra starrer 'Namastey Canada' is not a sequel to his 2007 directorial 'Namastey London' and instead has a totally fresh script. Talking about the film, Parineeti said, ""It is desi with a videsi heart...Arjun and I...will be playing to our Punjabi strengths but speak to the global audience."""
Disclose Godse's statement in Gandhi murder trial: CIC	"The Central Information Commission has ordered to make public the statement of Nathuram Godse along with other records related to Mahatma Gandhi's assassination. ""One may disagree with Nathuram Godse and his co-accused but we cannot refuse disclosure or circulation of his opinion,"" CIC stated. The CIC said since the information is more than 20 years old, it cannot be withheld."
HC stays women panel's order summoning Delhi Golf Club Secy	The Delhi High Court has stayed the Meghalaya State Commission for Women order summoning Delhi Golf Club Secretary after a Khasi woman was asked to leave the club allegedly because her traditional attire looked like a maid's. The club argued that the Commission did not have jurisdiction to issue orders on incidents outside the state.
Bihar class 10 student's marks up from 0 to 94 after recheck	A class 10 student from Bihar, who got 0 in Maths, got 94 in the same paper after the updated results were announced. Another student's Sanskrit marks increased from 0 to 40, while another one got his marks upgraded from 12 to 61. The state Board had got the papers rechecked after over 50% failed this year.
ISI agents to display Kashmir banners at Ind-Pak tie: Report	"Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence agency is reportedly sending its agents to display banners on the Kashmir issue at the India-Pakistan Champions Trophy match in Birmingham on Sunday. Slogans like ""Kashmir Seeks Attention"", ""Kashmir is bleeding"", ""We stand with Kashmir"" and ""Free the state of Jammu and Kashmir now"" will be displayed in order to grab international attention."
India building secret nuclear city, claims Pakistan	"Pakistan on Thursday claimed that India is building a ""secret nuclear city"" and has accumulated a stockpile of nuclear weapons which threatens to undermine the strategic balance of power in the region. Foreign Office (FO) spokesman Nafees Zakaria made the remarks at the weekly press briefing while expressing concern over the ""Indian defence buildup"". However, India has rubbished Pakistan's claims."
MCD polls litmus test for Ajay Maken: Sheila Dikshit	"Former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit on Friday said the MCD polls are a litmus test for the Congress' Delhi unit chief Ajay Maken. ""Let us wait for the election results...If Congress wins a good number of seats, then what we are thinking would be proved wrong,"" she added. Notably, Dikshit's name wasn't in the party's top campaigners list."
Italian footballer retires, returns, retires again in a week	Italian footballer Antonio Cassano has announced his retirement for the second time in a week, after joining newly promoted side Verona two weeks back. The 35-year-old joined Verona on July 10, but announced his retirement after a week, reversing it hours later, then retired again on Monday. Cassano said his priority was to be close to his wife and children.
10,000 users affected in malware attack on MTNL broadband	Several broadband connections of state-run MTNL were affected after a malware attack on Friday in Delhi. The attack impacted services in many households with malfunctioning of the broadband services. Users were reportedly redirected to malicious web pages with ads and pornography. State-owned telecom company BSNL was also recently hit by a malware attack that changed passwords of the modems.
Venkaiah Naidu declared NDA's candidate for Vice President	The BJP-led NDA on Monday announced Union Information and Broadcasting Minister M Venkaiah Naidu as its candidate for the upcoming Vice Presidential elections. Naidu will contest against the Congress-led Opposition's candidate Gopalkrishna Gandhi, who is Mahatma Gandhi's grandson. The voting is scheduled for August 5 and the current Vice President Hamid Ansari's term will end on August 10.
Couple fakes bad marriage to dupe husband's lover of ?3 lakh	"A Chattisgarh woman was allegedly duped of ?3 lakh by her married lover and his wife. Her lover allegedly said he wanted to leave his ""estranged"" wife for her. She was asked to pay his wife ?6 lakh to marry him and managed to pay ?3 lakh before his wife told her to leave them alone as they were happy."
Substance abuse is like a bad marriage: Prateik Babbar	"Actor Prateik Babbar, while speaking about dealing with drug addiction, said substance abuse is like a bad marriage. ""[E]ven after you quit, it haunts you for a while till people start noticing the turnaround,"" he added. Prateik further said, ""Addiction is not a moral failing, it doesn't make you a bad person even if you have made a poor choice""."
Over 1,600 killed due to extreme weather patterns in 2016	More than 1,600 people died due to extreme weather conditions across the country in 2016, according to India Meteorological Department. Severe heat waves accounted for the highest number of deaths (over 700), followed by flooding and thunderstorm (475). Bihar, Gujarat and Maharashtra topped the state list of casualties, recording a total of 552 deaths.
'Wanted to see people wearing hawai chappal on hawai jahaz'	"Launching 'Ude Desh ka Aam Nagrik' (UDAN) scheme on Thursday, PM Narendra Modi said, ""My dream was to see a person who wears a 'hawai chappal' (slippers) to fly on the 'hawai jahaz' (aeroplane)."" ""The lives of the middle class are being transformed...Earlier, aviation was considered to be the domain of a select few. That has changed now,"" he added."
AAP govt directs Delhi schools to install air purifiers	The AAP-led Delhi government has directed the city schools to install air purifiers to ensure that students don't face health hazards due to air pollution. The government has also asked the schools to educate the students about the importance of improved air quality. The schools have been asked to submit a compliance report within 15 days.
Amitabh, SRK attend Aishwarya's father's funeral	Bollywood celebrities including Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan attended the funeral of actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's father Krishnaraj Rai. He passed away on Saturday in Mumbai's Lilavati hospital. Other actors like Kunal Kapoor and Sonali Bendre, veteran actors Simi Garewal and Randhir Kapoor and filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali were also spotted at the funeral.
Those expressing concerns on GST are tax evaders: Adi Godrej	"Godrej Group Chairman Adi Godrej has said that people expressing concerns over GST and calling for postponement of its implementation are mainly tax evaders. He further termed suggestions about GST roll out being pushed to October as ""ridiculous"". ""Everybody has plenty of time to prepare...I saw the statement by P Chidambaram...But I think it will be ridiculous,"" Godrej stated."
Celebrity chef to curate menu for Tejas passengers	Passengers travelling on the Tejas trains will be treated to cuisines curated by a celebrity chef as part of new services to be unveiled by the Railways. The railways is considering an agreement with renowned chef Sanjeev Kapoor to finalise the menu shortly.  Some of the other new features include entertainment LCD screens for each passenger along with headphones sockets.
Adityanath's security asks Sikh man to remove his turban	Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath's security asked a Sikh man, Tejpal Singh, to remove his turban when he went to visit the politician at Gorakshnath Peeth in Gorakhpur. Singh said that a security man also questioned him about 'kripaan', the religious knife Sikhs carry. He later managed to meet the CM, narrated the incident, and Adityanath assured him proper action.
Four Mumbai auto drivers arrested for string of burglaries	"The Mumbai Police arrested four auto-rickshaw drivers for allegedly robbing several houses when they were empty. The accused are reportedly wanted in 12 other burglaries and were out on bail. ""We had checked the CCTV footage from the areas where they had committed burglaries and could figure out their faces enough to make a sketch,"" a police official said."
Har ek ka dil hai Hindustani, says Mukesh Ambani	"Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani on Saturday said it's time we promote reverse brain-drain, adding, ""We have more talent knocking at our doors because at the end of the day, har ek ka dil hai Hindustani."" People want to do things for India, Ambani stated. He further added ""our brightest and best"" should work for benefit of India and Indians."
Virat and his team will win more games than me: MS Dhoni	"In his first conference after resigning as India's limited-overs captain, MS Dhoni said Virat Kohli will win more matches than he did. ""Virat and his team will win more games than me in all formats. It will be the most successful Indian team ever,"" he said. Dhoni captained India in 199 ODIs, winning 110, the most in Indian cricket history."
Hang those who eat beef as status symbol: Sadhvi Saraswati	"VHP leader Sadhvi Saraswati said, ""I appeal to the Government of India that those people who consider eating the meat of their own mother as a status symbol should be hanged."" She further said, ""Such people should be brought before the public and hanged, then only people will know that it is our duty to protect 'gau mata' (holy cow)."""
Narayana Murthy says he regrets quitting as Infosys Chairman	"Infosys Co-founder Narayana Murthy has said he regrets quitting as the IT giant's Chairman in 2014, adding, he should've listened to other co-founders and stayed. ""I am a very emotional person. A lot of my decisions are based on idealism and probably, I should have listened to them,"" he stated. Murthy recently criticised the current management over corporate governance issues."
Priyanka, Deepika attend pre-Oscar parties in Los Angeles	Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone were seen attending pre-Oscar parties. They attended the Chanel and Charles Finch Annual Pre-Oscar Dinner, where Priyanka wore a Chanel ensemble while Deepika chose a floral dress by Duro Olowu. Deepika also attended the Women in Film pre-Oscar cocktail party, co-hosted by Oscar-winning actress Brie Larson while Priyanka was spotted at the WME pre-Oscar party.
?5.5 crore hospital bill for Jayalalithaa's 75-day treatment	"The total hospital bill of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa was between ?5 crore and ?5.5 crore for her 75-day treatment, according to State government doctor P Balaji. ""No amputation was done and no transplantation (of any sort) was done,"" he added. Further, 5.5 litres of embalming liquid were used to preserve Jayalalithaa's body."
Nithari murders: Koli given death penalty for 7th time	Surinder Koli, the prime accused in the Nithari killing cases, was awarded the death penalty in the seventh case by a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court in Ghaziabad on Friday. Koli was awarded death sentence by the CBI court in all the previous six cases but one of them was later commuted to life by the Allahabad High Court.
We are obsessed with selfie culture: Kalki Koechlin	"Actress Kalki Koechlin has said that people are obsessed with the selfie culture these days. ""This trend of taking selfies is really extreme... I wish people would have a chat with me. That would be so much better,"" she added. The actress said this while talking about fans approaching her for selfies."
AAP declares Elvis Gomes as its CM candidate in Goa	The Aam Aadmi Party on Monday declared former bureaucrat Elvis Gomes as its chief ministerial candidate for upcoming Goa Assembly elections. Currently the elected President of Goa Football Association, 53-year-old Gomes had taken voluntary retirement as IG Prisons and Urban Development Secretary to join AAP. The announcement was made at a rally by AAP chief and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal.
Rajnath won't celebrate Holi in view of Sukma attack	Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh will not be celebrating Holi this year in view of Maoist attack in Sukma that took place on Saturday and claimed the lives of 12 Indian jawans. The incident had occurred in the dense forests near Kottacheru village in south Bastar region when 112 CRPF personnel were out for a road opening task.
IT firms should manage employee expectations: Ex-Infosys CEO	Former CEO of Infosys Kris Gopalakrishnan has said that Indian IT companies need to learn to manage expectations of their employees as the growth rate slows down. He said that as technology is transitioning, companies must invest in retraining employees and employees must invest time in learning. He also said that automation has impacted services like infrastructure management and maintenance.
For God's sake, do your job: Prez on Parliament disruption	"President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday slammed the politicians for disrupting the Winter Session of the Parliament, saying, ""For God's sake, do your job. You are meant to transact business in Parliament."" Terming the practice of repeated adjournment 'totally unacceptable', Mukherjee added that people send their representatives to Parliament to work for the country and not to agitate."
Kargil martyr's daughter starts online campaign against ABVP	"Days after Delhi University's Ramjas College saw violent clashes, a Lady Shri Ram College student who is a Kargil martyr's daughter has initiated a social media campaign #StudentsAgainstABVP. She held a placard that read, ""I am a student from Delhi University. I am not afraid of ABVP. I am not alone. Every student of India is with me. #StudentsAgainstABVP""."
Edible oil firm's stock surges 20% after pact with Patanjali	Edible oil manufacturer Ruchi Soya's shares surged nearly 20% on Monday after the firm announced it has signed agreements with Baba Ramdev-promoted Patanjali Ayurved for physical refining and packaging of edible oils. Ruchi Soya is currently the country's leading agriculture and food FMCG company with a turnover of $4 billion. Its leading brands include Nutrela, Mahakosh and Sunrich, among others.
Counting of votes begins for MCD polls, BJP takes lead	As the counting of votes for the MCD election is underway, early trends show BJP is leading in 44 seats, while Congress and AAP are leading in 10 and four seats respectively. BJP has been in power in the 272-ward MCD for 10 consecutive years. The total voter turnout for the polls was 54%.
What are the new rules under the Finance Bill?	The Finance Bill 2017, which has been passed by the Lok Sabha, comes with a number of amendments, including imposing a limit of ?2 lakh on cash transactions. The Bill also makes Aadhaar mandatory for filing Income Tax returns and for getting a PAN. Further, the Bill enables Income Tax officers to raid homes without providing any reason.
Delhi Police needs over 54k personnel for better patrolling	"The Delhi Police requires an additional 54,482 posts to improve patrolling in the capital, according to reports. However, only 14,753 new posts have been approved by the home ministry which are still waiting approval from the ""competent authority"". Meanwhile, the Delhi High Court has asked the Centre to submit a report on when the new appointments will be made."
Samajwadi Party MLC's drunk kin slaps cop in police station	"The nephew of Samajwadi Party MLC Ramesh Yadav was caught on camera slapping a police officer inside a police station in Uttar Pradesh's Etah on Wednesday. The man, Mohit Yadav, can be seen shouting ""my name is Mohit Yadav"", before slapping the policeman. Yadav has been arrested on charges of assault on a policeman on duty."
Amit Shah defends 'Gandhi was a chatur baniya' remark	"BJP President Amit Shah today said, ""everyone present in the public meeting knows with what objective I called Mahatma Gandhi a baniya,"" defending his statement that Gandhi knew Congress was a tool to fight for freedom. After Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala demanded an apology for ""belittling"" Gandhi, Shah added, ""Surjewala has a lot to answer on Mahatma Gandhi's principles."""
Panel seeks details on Air India disinvestment decision	A parliamentary panel has reportedly sought explanation on the reasons behind Air India's disinvestment decision from the Civil Aviation Ministry. The Aviation Secretary has been asked to appear before the panel on July 12. Reports said the issue was raised by Congress member and former Minister of State for Civil Aviation KC Venugopal.
Sunny's past has no bearing on how she'll be as mother: Ram	"Actor Ram Kapoor has said that the career choices Sunny Leone has made in her life have no bearing on the kind of parent she will be. Sunny and her husband Daniel Weber recently adopted a baby girl named Nisha. Ram added, ""Whatever her past is, she has done that in a country where it's allowed and legal."""
Kamya claims hackers removed her 'backless' Instagram pic	"Television actress Kamya Punjabi has claimed in a tweet that hackers removed a 'backless' picture of hers from Instagram. In the picture, Kamya can be seen posing with a lipstick to promote the film 'Lipstick Under My Burkha'. She tweeted, ""Never posted something I never believed in. Never took off something that I once posted... Happy hacking!""n"
Karnan wants medical test on SC judges who wanted one on him	"Calcutta High Court Judge Justice CS Karnan ordered a psychiatric medical examination for the seven Supreme Court judges who ordered the same test on him in a contempt case. ""I direct DGP, New Delhi to take the seven accused and produce them to psychiatric medical board attached to AIIMS and conduct medical test,"" Justice Karnan said."
PM crossed limits of decency in his remark on Manmohan: JD-U	"JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav on Thursday said PM Narendra Modi crossed limits of decency in his remark on former PM Manmohan Singh. ""Had someone else said it, it would have been different. PM should not have said so, it was in bad taste,"" Yadav added. Modi had said that only Manmohan knows how to take bath while wearing a raincoat."
Twitter reacts to blonde look of Priyanka in old picture	"Reacting to an old picture of actress Priyanka Chopra in which she can be seen sporting a blonde wig, a user tweeted, ""Seems #PriyankaChopra has caught the #GoTS7 fever too."" Another user wrote, ""When Priyanka Chopra tries to idolise @ladygaga."" Meanwhile, another user tweeted, ""When jon snow dies in India, the red woman we need .. #PriyankaChopra #gots7."" nn"
UP bans management committee within 200m of exam centres	The entry of schools' management committee members within 200 metres of an examination centre has been banned to check cheating by students in Uttar Pradesh, Deputy CM Dinesh Sharma said on Tuesday. Running of schools at least 220 days in a year has also been made mandatory. Furthermore, sale of stationery and clothes in private schools has also been banned.
Presidential poll a fight of ideologies: Meira Kumar	"The Congress-led Opposition's President nominee Meira Kumar on Tuesday said that the presidential poll contest with BJP-led NDA's candidate Ram Nath Kovind is not a political war but a fight of ideologies. ""Sad caste is a factor in election... Pained by discussion over my caste. Why doesn't the society rise above these divisions,"" the former Lok Sabha Speaker added."
Sehwag clarifies his tweet was not meant for Gurmehar Kaur	"Former Indian cricketer Virender Sehwag, who was accused of bullying Delhi University student Gurmehar Kaur, has clarified that his recent tweet was not intended for her. ""It was plain fun but people construed the other way,"" said Sehwag. Sehwag had tweeted a picture holding a placard which was similar to Gurmehar's placard holding video, which she had posted last year."
Will go to jail if buffalo race ban isn't lifted: K'taka MLA	"Demanding revocation of ban on Kambala buffalo race, Karnataka MLA Abhaya Chandra Jain said, ""It's my duty to support kambala. For the sake of public, I'm ready to go to jail."" He further said, ""Kambala is our tulunadu culture, if Centre can give opportunity to Jallikattu, this is a question of our tulunadu and we are very particular about Kambala."""
Lay clear guidelines for anti-Romeo squads: CM Adityanath	"UP CM Yogi Adityanath on Friday directed the top officials of the state to lay down clear guidelines for anti-Romeo squads to prevent ""unnecessary harassment"" of boys and girls spending time together with consent. Some policemen in UP have reportedly claimed they can ""identify a Romeo just by the look in their eyes, their face and the way they stand""."
Not responsible for women's safety after work: B'luru firm	Bengaluru firm IDC Technologies, located in Madiwala, does not provide cab services to women for pick-up and drop, and has allegedly said that it is not responsible for women's safety after they log out. A female employee from the firm met IT Minister Priyank Kharge to bring up the matter, and the minister has assured action after a formal complaint.
Delhi on high alert post Amarnath Yatra terror attack	Delhi Police has issued an advisory to put the capital on high alert and advised 'special anti-terror' arrangements for the Kanwar Yatra pilgrims. Reportedly, quick reaction teams and commandos will guard the Kanwar Yatra routes and other vital establishments like malls, metro stations, and airports. This comes after seven Amarnath Yatra pilgrims were killed on Monday.
Bomb threat call at Mumbai's Churchgate station turns hoax	An unverified call, received by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) on Thursday, warning about a bomb in Mumbai's Churchgate station turned out to be a hoax. Notably, it is the sixth anniversary of the triple blasts at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar which left 26 people dead. The police are working to trace the person who telephoned the RPF.
Delhi engineer on power theft raid dies after mob chases him	An engineer working for an electricity distribution company died in Delhi's Jaffarpur Kalan on Monday, after his car hit a tree while he was allegedly being chased by a mob during an anti-power theft raid. The company said its teams were chased by bike-borne goons and added that they had received a tip about large-scale power theft in the area.
Trump blames NYT for foiling bid to capture ISIS leader	US President Donald Trump has attacked The New York Times in a tweet, alleging that one of its reports led to the failure of a US bid to capture ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. However, US media suggested Trump was referring to a Fox News report which allegedly leaked information about US efforts to capture Baghdadi.
One-third of BSNL's prime land worth ?65,000 crore now: MD	One-third of BSNL's prime land is estimated to be worth ?65,000 crore now, which is higher than the value of ?975 crore for its entire land assets decades ago, MD Anupam Shrivastava said. This includes land parcels in Delhi, Mumbai, and Ahmedabad, among others. The land on which BSNL has its corporate office, has itself been valued at ?2,500 crore.
After Air India, private carriers lift ban on Shiv Sena MP	A day after Air India lifted the ban on Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad, the Federation of Indian Airlines also revoked its ban on the legislator. Reinstating his flying privileges, the FIA, however, said its colleagues must be treated with the respect that they deserve. Notably, the ban was imposed after Gaikwad repeatedly thrashed an Air India staffer.
Jallianwala Bagh massacre took place 98 years ago	The Jallianwala Bagh massacre took place in Amritsar on April 13, 1919, wherein thousands of people in a public protest meeting were fired upon under the command of Brigadier-General Dyer. While British officials declared 379 deaths in the massacre, the Indian National Congress estimated over 1,000 deaths. Dyer stated that the firing was to 'punish the Indians for disobedience'.
Microsoft to shut down MS Paint 32 years after its launch	"Microsoft has announced its long-standing basic graphics editing program 'MS Paint' will no longer be available with the next Windows 10 update called the Autumn Creators Update. The program was first released with the very first version of Windows 1.0 in 1985. MS Paint's removal is a part of Microsoft's plan to shut programs that are ""not in active development."""
Amarnath attack bus driver to get ?5 lakh reward	"The Jammu & Kashmir government and the Amarnath Shrine Board have announced a reward of ?5 lakh for the driver of the bus which came under attack from terrorists on Monday. The driver, Saleem Mirza, displayed ""exemplary alertness and courage,"" as he kept driving even when the terrorists opened fire on the bus, saving around 50 lives."
Four arrested for beating up man in Maha for 'carrying beef'	The police have arrested four cow vigilantes for allegedly beating up a 36-year-old Muslim man in Nagpur, Maharashtra, accusing him of carrying beef. The victim is undergoing treatment at a local hospital. Notably, the accused were members of Prahar Sanghatana, which describes itself as a social and cultural body and is led by Bacchu Kadu, an independent MLA from Amravati.
Apple, Coca-Cola, Airtel ads found to be misleading	Apple showing iPhone 7 as an iPhone 7 Plus is among 143 advertisements dubbed misleading by regulator ASCI, which also pulled up Coca-Cola and Airtel for such campaigns. ASCI pulled up Coca-Cola over a Thums Up campaign, saying it encourages dangerous practices and disregards safety. A total of 191 complaints were received against Nivea, Amul, and Standard Chartered among others.
Dhoni signs autograph mid-match for pitch-invading fan	A fan ran onto the pitch and touched former Indian captain MS Dhoni's feet when he was at the crease, during Jharkhand's Vijay Hazare Trophy quarter-final match against Vidarbha in Delhi on Wednesday. Dhoni obliged the fan with an autograph before the latter left the field. Throughout the match, the crowd chanted Dhoni's name at the fall of every wicket.
My fees not even 10% of what rumour says: Pak lawyer at ICJ	"The lawyer representing Pakistan at the ICJ in the Kulbhushan Jadhav case has rejected rumours that he charged over ?4 crore for the case. ""My fees were not even 10 per cent...I cancelled another professional commitment with another government to travel to Pakistan urgently,"" Khawar Qureshi said adding that he gave a 30% deduction in his fee."
I have no equation or relationship with Irrfan: Nawazuddin	"Actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui has said that he has no equation or relationship with actor Irrfan Khan. He added, ""Mere acting ka alag tareeka hai...Uska apna alag tareeka hai."" Nawazuddin and Irrfan, who featured together in the 2013 film 'The Lunchbox', reportedly shared an apartment when they were trying to get into Bollywood."
Company makes ?17,000 gadget to tell users if they smell bad	"Japanese company Konica Minolta has created a gadget called Kunkun Body that checks users' body odour for ?17,000. It can test for smells near the head, behind ears, under armpits, and around feet and rate them in three levels of severity. For example, on detecting high readings of smells, the gadget's connected smartphone app would display, ""Immediately care is needed."""
Woman stabbed in front of 4-yr-old son outside Thyagaraj	A 40-year-old woman was stabbed outside the Thyagaraj Stadium in south Delhi on Monday evening in front of her four-year-old son while she was returning home from a weekly market. The attacker, who is reportedly in his mid thirties, managed to flee the spot leaving behind the kitchen knife used in the murder.
Billionaire Poonawalla buys Gandhi art, letters for ?27 lakh	A rare 1931 pencil portrait of Mahatma Gandhi and collection of his handwritten letters, that were auctioned, have been bought by Cyrus Poonawalla, popularly known as the 'vaccine billionaire'. Poonawalla, who founded the Serum Institute of India in 1966, bought the works for £32,500 (?27 lakh). Poonawalla said he wanted to bring the historic and rare works back to India.
Stabbed teen kept waiting at Ghaziabad police station	A police station in Uttar Pradesh's Ghaziabad district allegedly kept a stabbed teenager waiting while the victim was bleeding for 20 minutes before sending him to a hospital. A probe has been ordered against the police officials after a video of the incident surfaced on social media. The boy was reportedly stabbed while resisting an attempt to snatch his phone.
Sex is just as important to older women: European court	Europe's human rights court has ruled that sex for older women is as important and found a Portuguese court guilty of sexual discrimination in a 50-year-old woman's medical compensation case. Ruling that importance of sex diminished with a woman's age, the Portuguese court had cut the woman's compensation for a botched surgery that left her unable to have normal sex.
I don't know any Yami Gautam: Pulkit Samrat's estranged wife	"Actor Pulkit Samrat's estranged wife Shweta Rohira, who earlier blamed actress Yami Gautam for ruining their marriage, has now said that she does not know any Yami Gautam. ""Who is this Yami? Main koi Yami ko nahin jaanti. I am going through a memory loss,"" she said. However, she maintained that Pulkit was not loyal in their marriage.n"
Barak bridge collapse cuts off Manipur from rest of India	Landlocked Manipur was cut off from the rest of India after Barak bridge, also known as the second lifeline of the border state, collapsed on Monday morning. A transport department official said that the bridge collapsed when a 10-wheeler goods-laden truck was passing through it. The collapse has left around 200 goods-laden trucks en route to Imphal stranded.
Stars look their best even if tackling hell within: Sridevi	"Sridevi has said that there's always pressure on actors to look good, even if they're not facing the camera. She added, ""You better look your best, even if you are going through hell inside."" Sridevi further said that if actors post natural pictures of themselves on social media, people leave comments like 'what is she looking like'."
India?s engagement with Dalai Lama will hit ties: China	"Reacting to the meeting between President Pranab Mukherjee and Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama last week, China has said that it is ""strongly opposed"" to such engagement which would have a ""negative impact"" on Indo-Sino relations. ""We urge the Indian side to see through the anti-China separatist nature of the Dalai Lama clique,"" the Chinese Foreign Ministry stated."
Politics is not for me: Aamir Khan	"Actor Aamir Khan has said that politics is not for him while adding, ""I feel there's a lot I can contribute, staying in the creative field that I am in."" Talking further about sharing his opinions on important issues, Aamir said, ""I don't think I've been careless in giving my opinion on matters... will continue to say what I feel."""
Jodie becomes first woman to play lead role in Doctor Who	"Actress Jodie Whittaker will portray the Doctor in the thirteenth season of the BBC television series Doctor Who. This will be the first time the role will be played by a woman in 54 years of the show's history. Whittaker said it was ""completely overwhelming"" to play the role and she wanted fans to not be ""scared"" by her gender."
Mumbai railways to allow ticket bookings on feature phones	The Mumbai railways is planning to introduce a software which will help commuters book tickets through Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD) codes. The software will make use of SMS services, which will allow commuters without smart phones to book tickets. Kiosks to aid the service are being installed across 10 railway stations as part of the project's pilot stage.
Bangladesh, India to allow free passage for elephants	Officials of India and Bangladesh on Thursday agreed to construct gates along the border to allow free and safe passage for wild elephants. Officials have identified 12 points in Meghalaya and one in Assam along the border where fences would be pulled down to build gates. The initiative would also permit transboundary movement of elephant rescue teams.
Lalu's family charged under Benami Act; properties seized	RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav's wife Rabri Devi and children have been charged under the Benami Transactions Act by the Income Tax department in connection with land deals worth ?1,000 crore and tax evasion. The department has seized a total of 12 plots belonging to Lalu's daughter Misa Bharti and her husband, ex-CM Rabri Devi, and Deputy CM Tejaswi Yadav.
Pakistan call off B'desh tour after country refuses invite	Pakistan have called off their tour to Bangladesh after the country rejected an invitation to play two T20Is in Pakistan this year. Pakistan Cricket Board Chairman Shaharyar Khan said the team cannot tour Bangladesh for a third straight time, since the latter failed to reciprocate. Pakistan travelled to Bangladesh in 2011 and 2015, while Bangladesh last toured Pakistan in 2007-08.
Delhi govt schools to hire retired teachers	Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia on Tuesday said the Delhi government-run schools can appoint retired teachers without getting prior approval from the education department in case of shortage of teachers. The policy would allow principals to hire teachers for a three-month period and would ensure that children do not suffer due to lack of teachers, the minister added.
Dubai woman has baby from ovary frozen when she was 9	A 24-year-old woman from Dubai, Moaza Al Matrooshi, had a baby using ovary tissues that were frozen from before she reached puberty. She delivered a baby boy at a privately-run hospital in London on December 13. Moaza had decided to freeze her ovarian tissue because she was born with a blood disorder called thalassaemia.
Bihar man gets ?13L electricity bill, later revised to ?3K	A mason in Bihar living in a one-room house equipped with just four LED bulbs, a TV, and a ceiling fan was served an electricity bill of ?13 lakh, which later got revised to ?2,992. The power firm deferred the issue for months, before revising the bill and changing faulty metre within six hours as soon as the media intervened.
TMC MPs protest outside Parliament	"TMC MPs on Friday protested against the Centre in the Parliament House complex, alleging it was indulging in ""vendetta politics"" in a probe into a chit fund scam. They raised slogans against the Centre saying that it was harassing TMC leaders because the political party raised its voice against demonetisation. TMC also staged a walkout from Rajya Sabha on Thursday."
Minister's car attacked, buildings damaged over Gorkhaland	Pro-Gorkhaland protestors on Thursday attacked West Bengal Tourism Minister Gautam Deb's car as the agitation for a separate state entered its 29th day. Further, several government properties were vandalised in Darjeeling and the Minister claimed that the Centre was encouraging such incidents. However, the protestors denied involvement in cases of vandalism and demanded a CBI probe.
64-year-old becomes oldest mother in China to deliver baby	A 64-year-old woman is believed to have become the oldest mother in China to give birth. The 64-year-old, who delivered a boy weighing 3.7 kilograms through cesarean section, had conceived after receiving in vitro fertilisation (IVF) abroad. She and her husband decided to have a baby after they lost their first child, according to reports.
Leopard caught in Delhi's biodiversity park released in UP	A leopard that was spotted at Yamuna Biodiversity Park in Delhi last month was released in the Shivalik ranges at Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh on Monday. The three-year-old male feline was spotted roaming inside the park and was later trapped near a village, located on the periphery of the park. The leopard underwent medical tests before being released.
Farmers do shavasana on highway on Int'l Yoga Day in protest	Farmers across North India performed the 'shavasana' on highways on International Yoga Day as part of their ongoing protest across the country. Farmers in Madhya Pradesh also joined in, protesting the killing of five farmers in police firing in Mandsaur recently during an agitation. Farmers in UP called the government's loan waiver an eyewash, saying nobody benefited from it.
Goat chews up owner's ?66,000, he says 'it's like my child'	"A goat in UP chewed up currency notes worth ?66,000 while his owner was bathing on Monday. Farmer Sarvesh Kumar Pal, who raised an alarm but managed to save only ?4,000, said people have suggested he sell the goat to a butcher. However, Pal and his wife said, ""We can't be cruel to our pet. It's like our own child."""
JioPhone at effectively ?0 clever marketing: Industry body	"Industry body COAI has termed the launch of JioPhone at an ""effective zero price"" as a ""clever marketing"" position because the move will help the company save licence fee and other government levies. COAI Director General Rajan Mathews further termed the phone's launch as ""clearly a big win for Jio"" that will put pressure on incumbent telecom operators."
Can I have my freedom of expression: Madhur to Rahul Gandhi	"Madhur Bhandarkar, while tagging Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi's Twitter handle, asked if he can have his freedom of expression. Bhandarkar's tweet came after promotions for his upcoming film 'Indu Sarkar' were disrupted by Congress workers in Pune. The filmmaker had tweeted that he and his team were ""stranded like hostages"" in the room after Congress workers ""barged in"" the hotel."
SBI Chief Arundhati Bhattacharya got ?28.9L pay in 2016-17	The Chairperson of one of the world's 50 largest banks, SBI's Arundhati Bhattacharya received a basic salary of ?28.9 lakh in 2016-17. In comparison, her counterparts in private banks like ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar received ?2.66 crore and Axis Bank CEO Shikha Sharma received ?2.7 crore as basic salary. HDFC Bank's MD Aditya Puri's remuneration stood at ?10 crore.
Ranbir doesn't want to be a father like me: Rishi Kapoor	"Actor Rishi Kapoor, while speaking on his relationship with son Ranbir Kapoor said that Ranbir  does not want to be a father like him. ""I cannot be a friend to a son,"" he added. Rishi further said, ""I am not the type of guy who will ask him to share secrets of his girlfriends...  I am sorry. It's my failure""."
3-year-old sexually assaulted by school staffer in Bengaluru	A three-year-old was sexually assaulted by a man who worked at the nursery school located in Bellandur in Karnataka's capital city Bengaluru. The accused school staffer was arrested soon after a complaint was filed by the parents of the kid. An FIR has also been registered against the school after the incident which took place on Friday.
Islamic State on the run, will soon be wiped out: Trump	"US President Donald Trump on Wednesday said that the Islamic State was ""on the run"" and will soon be ""wiped out"" of Syria and Iraq. Trump's statement comes after Iraqi forces declared victory over the militant group in Mosul, retaking full control of the country's second-largest city three years after it was seized."
DTC bus fares slashed by up to 75% to reduce pollution	With an aim to reduce pollution on streets, the Delhi government has slashed the DTC bus fares by up to 75%. For the entire January, there will be a flat fare of ?5 in non-AC DTC and cluster buses, and ?10 for air-conditioned buses. The government has also decided to give free travel passes to students, widows, and senior citizens.
Arnold slams Facebook troll insulting Special Olympics	"Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger slammed a troll on Facebook who insulted the Special Olympics by saying it makes no sense as the Olympics is only there for the world's best athletes to compete. Responding to this comment, Arnold wrote, ""I guarantee you that these athletes have more courage, compassion, brains, skill - actually, more of every positive human quality than you."""
Mercedes' Valtteri Bottas wins Austrian Grand Prix	Mercedes' Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas, who began on pole, won the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday. Bottas finished ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo, who finished second and third respectively. Three-time Formula One champion, Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton finished fourth in the race. Notably, Vettel leads the driver standings with 171 points, 20 ahead of Hamilton.
TN announces State Film awards for 6 years from 2009-2014	The Tamil Nadu government has announced the State Film awards for six consecutive years from 2009-2014. In the Best Picture category, films Pasanga (2009), Myna (2010), Vaagai Sooda Vaa (2011), Vazhakku En 18/9 (2012), Ramanujan (2013) and Kutram Kadithal (2014) received the top honours. The awards were last announced in the year 2008.
Mamata highlights her achievements in dealing with Maoists	"West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday highlighted her government's achievements in dealing with Maoists in the state. ""So far, in West Bengal, 328 Left-wing extremists have surrendered. This includes 111 Maoists in 2017. 205 surrenderees have already been enrolled as Special Home Guards,"" she said. ""Apart from employment, surrendering Maoists get financial incentives,"" she added."
I didn't want this job, wife made me do it: US State Secy	"During an interview, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson revealed that he did not want the position and he only took the job because his wife convinced him to do it. Adding that he had not met President Donald Trump before being summoned to Trump Tower, Tillerson said, ""When he asked me...to be Secretary of State, I was stunned."""
Mumbai gets its first floating hotel	"Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday inaugurated the first floating hotel or floatel in Mumbai. AB Celestial, a three-tier yacht featuring restaurants and a sky deck, is harboured near Bandra-Worli Sea Link toll plazas. ""The floatel will give a 360-degree view of Mumbai and the Arabian Sea and has a capacity to cater to around 650 guests,"" an official said."
Cook is the guy you won't mind your daughter marrying: Warne	"Former Australian spinner Shane Warne has said ex-English skipper Alastair Cook is ""one of those guys you wouldn't mind your daughter marrying"". Talking on Cook stepping down from captaincy, Warne said, ""He's respected and he's gone about it with a lot of class. He went through some tough times when a lot of us, me included, thought he wasn't suited."""
Abducted 13-yr-old Delhi girl returns home pregnant	A 13-year-old who was abducted on May 6 when she left her home in Delhi to buy ice cream has returned pregnant. The father of the girl claimed that 12-15 men working as chefs in different restaurants were responsible for the crime. One of the suspects, who brought back the girl, had surrendered at the Saket Court.
Video shows IAF officer being thrashed by mob; three held	A video has surfaced online wherein an Indian Air Force officer can be seen being thrashed by a mob in southeast Delhi's Sangam Vihar area. Reportedly, the incident took place on April 20 when the officer's motorcycle touched the car of the accused, following which they attacked and robbed him. The Delhi police have arrested three persons in this connection.
Not a single taint on my govt in three years: PM Modi in US	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is currently in the United States as part of his three-nation tour, said that there has not been a single taint on his government in the past three years. Asserting that ""Indians hate corruption"", Modi added, ""Corruption was the main reason why governments in India were voted out in the past."""
Indefinite strike to continue in Darjeeling, GJM to quit GTA	Darjeeling's ruling Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) and other parties have decided to continue the indefinite strike for the demand for Gorkhaland while GJM announced that it will quit the semi-autonomous body Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA). The body was set up for better administration of the region. The parties will also boycott a meeting called by West Bengal government.
Girl offers to say 'bong' for Big Ben's chimes during repair	"Phoebe, an eight-year-old girl from the UK, has offered to say 'bong' instead of Big Ben's chimes for a BBC radio show, during the renovation of the 157-year-old clock. She wrote a letter to a BBC editor, who replied through a letter. The letter stated, ""That's an awful lot of work for someone who is still quite young."""
Tata Director had key role in ?3,600 cr chopper scam: Mistry	Ousted Chairman Mistry has accused that Tata Sons Director Vijay Singh played a key role, as the then defence secretary, in the award of ?3,600 crore VVIP helicopter contract to AgustaWestland in 2010. This comes after Tata Sons released a statement slamming Mistry over various reasons. Notably, Singh had chaired the board meeting that voted Mistry out from Tata Sons.
Airbnb host who cancelled stay over guest's race fined ?3L	"An Airbnb host who cancelled a woman's reservation as she was Asian has been fined ?3 lakh for racial discrimination and ordered to take a course in Asian-American studies. Homestay startup Airbnb also permanently banned the host after the incident was reported. ""I wouldn?t rent it to u if u were the last person on earth,? the host told her."
Graves on the rise, but no land to live: Delhi HC	"Delhi High Court on Tuesday observed that the way graveyards are expanding in the state, there would be no place to live. Asking the authorities to find out best burial practices followed elsewhere in the world, the bench remarked, ""Hindus started opting for electric cremation as there may not be enough wood... what can be the substitute for Muslims?"""
BJP to hold PM Modi-themed quiz for schoolchildren in Delhi	A quiz centred around PM Narendra Modi and initiatives of the NDA government will be held for schoolchildren in Delhi to mark three years of the government. The quiz, based on Modi and initiatives like Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Beti Bachao Beti Padhao and demonetisation, is being held to create awareness about governance and politics, said Delhi BJP President Manoj Tiwari.
Ahmedabad to celebrate 'Heritage City' status for 15 days	The Gujarat government has decided to celebrate the 'World Heritage City' status granted to Ahmedabad by UNESCO for a fortnight. The programme, starting on August 1, will include heritage walks, cultural events, lectures and seminars about the 600-year-old city. Further, all flights to Gujarat will serve Gujarati cuisine to passengers during the 2-week-long celebration.
Got kicked out of CBFC chief's office, claims journalist	"Journalist Siddhant Adlakha has claimed that he ""got kicked out"" of Censor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani's office, when he questioned him on the film certification process during an interview. ""You (media) are interfering without any reason in our business,"" said Nihalani. When Adlakha asked him if the Board curtails the rights of producers as artistes, Nihalani asked him to leave."
Telugu actors issued notice to explain link with drug dealer	"The Telangana Prohibition and Excise Department has issued notices to Telugu actors and directors asking them to appear before it next week to explain their alleged links to an accused in a drug racket selling high-end narcotics. ""Some of the names came out during interrogation of the arrested accused...There were also some evidence against a few others,"" said an official."
Paris to host summit on second anniversary of climate deal	Speaking at the G20 summit on Saturday, French President Emmanuel Macron announced that Paris will host a summit on December 12 to address financing issues on the 2015 Paris climate agreement. Macron added that the summit would aim to mobilise private and public financing for the projects committed to in the Paris agreement.
Lorde impersonator fools New Zealand partygoers	"A university student fooled partygoers in Auckland, New Zealand into believing she was singer Lorde during her performance at a public library for an April Fool's Day prank. The 'No Lights No Lycra' party, which featured ""total darkness,"" had promised a ""super ultra special guest."" After attendees tweeted about the ""surprise"" performance, it was revealed that Lorde was in London."
Give up PM ambitions: Ex-AAP leader urges Kejriwal	"Former AAP leader Mayank Gandhi urged Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal in an open letter to forget his ambitions of becoming Prime Minister and focus on governing the national capital instead. ""You took complete power by becoming convener as well as CM of Delhi. How much more power do you want before you start delivering alternative politics?"" he added."
Delhi's iconic 'Hall of Nations' building demolished	Five buildings at Pragati Maidan, including the iconic 45-year-old 'Hall of Nations', were demolished on Sunday night after their architect Raj Rewal lost a case in Delhi High Court. The buildings were commissioned in 1972 and the architect claimed that they were the world's first pillar-less concrete frame structures. A ?2,254-crore world-class exhibition centre is expected to replace them.
Scientists discover the function of human appendix	US-based researchers have identified that the human appendix, which is often viewed as a vestigial organ with little-known use, may serve as a reservoir for beneficial gut bacteria. Mammals with an appendix were found to have higher concentrations of lymphoid tissue in the cecum, a pouch from which the appendix develops, suggesting that appendix serves as a secondary immune organ.
Will give a big blow for the act of betrayal: Sasikala	"Accusing Tamil Nadu interim CM O Panneerselvam of conniving wth the ""party Amma fought against"", AIADMK chief Sasikala Natarajan asserted that she will give him a big blow for this act of betrayal and disloyalty. She also claimed that her supporters wanted her to take charge immediately after Jayalalithaa's demise, but she couldn't as she was very sad."
Against sale of JK House to Raymond promoters, says Chairman	Ahead of Raymond's meeting to consider sale of JK House to its promoters and extended family, Chairman Gautam Singhania said his personal opinion would be to vote against the resolution. Earlier, proxy advisory firm IiAS had slammed the proposal saying Raymond's promoters were trying to buy the property at a 90% discount, which would result in a ?650 crore loss.
'What do I call you? God?' Pak woman to Swaraj after visa	"A Pakistani woman, Hijaab Asif, praised Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj after the latter directed the Indian High Commission in Pakistan to issue Asif a medical visa. ""@SushmaSwaraj What do I call you? Superwoman? God? No words to describe your generosity!"" she wrote in a tweet, adding that Pakistan would have changed if she were their Prime Minister."
ISIS releases video of Berlin attacker pledging allegiance	"ISIS-affiliated news agency Amaq has released a video of the alleged Berlin Christmas market attacker, Anis Amri, pledging his allegiance to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Amri also calls on ISIS supporters to take revenge against ""crusaders"" bombing Muslims in the video. Italian police officials had shot and killed the truck attack suspect in Milan days after the attack."
GPS to be mandatory in taxis and autos in Maharashtra	"Maharashtra government on Friday announced plans to make installation of GPS system mandatory in black-and-yellow taxis and autorickshaws. The issue was raised by an Opposition leader, who said that passengers' safety had become cause for concern. ""Autorickshaws and conventional taxis will have to install GPS system on the lines of app-based aggregators such as Ola and Uber,"" said an official."
Net neutrality, facepalm added to Merriam-Webster Dictionary	Over 1000 new words, including net neutrality and facepalm, were recently added to the Merriam-Webster Dictionary. Seussian, relating to the works of Dr Seuss, and tech term abandonware were also added. Interestingly, the word ghost was given a new meaning - to abruptly cut off all contact with someone by no longer accepting or responding to calls and messages.
Sachin calling me a superstar is little embarrassing: Yuvraj	"Following his 150-run knock in the second ODI against England, Yuvraj Singh said that Sachin Tendulkar calling him a ""superstar"" is a little embarrassing. ""What an amazing partnership between a superstar and a rockstar!! We enjoyed the show :) @YUVSTRONG12 @msdhoni #INDvENG"", tweeted Sachin Tendulkar. The 35-year-old scored his 14th ODI hundred, coming after a gap of almost six years."
UP Police to get in new, polite anti-Romeo squads	The anti-Romeo squad in Uttar Pradesh, which drew criticism for moral policing in the name of women safety, is coming back with a polite, observant and trained set of personnel. The state's DGP said the squad was being trained to distinguish a molester from a friend, adding there would be no more 'murga punishments', shaving of heads, blackening of faces.
'Jai Shri Ram' was chanted in Parliament after Kovind's oath	A group of BJP MPs raised slogans of 'Jai Shri Ram' and 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai' after President Ram Nath Kovind was sworn-in at the Parliament's Central Hall on Tuesday. Many officials also thumped their desks after the 71-year-old took the oath as the 14th President of India. Kovind was given a 21-gun salute to mark the assumption of office.
3-yr-old leopard caught near Yamuna banks in Delhi	A 3-year-old male leopard was caught outside the forest area near the banks of Yamuna on Saturday, the Delhi Forest Department said. Reportedly, the leopard was first spotted in November and cages were kept outside the forest to trap the animal. According to a wildlife official, the animal is being relocated to Rajaji National Park in Shivalik Ranges near Saharanpur.
Drip irrigation mandatory for sugarcane crop in Maharashtra	The Maharashtra government on Tuesday said that it will make drip irrigation mandatory for sugarcane cultivation after 2019. For this purpose, the state will also provide a loan at an interest rate of 2% to the farmers. Drip irrigation is not only expected to raise the sugarcane production but also help in conserving water.
J&K govt spent ?2,000 crore violating budgetary provisions	"The J&K government has spent nearly ?2,000 crore during the financial year 2015-2016 in ""violation of budgetary provisions"", a Comptroller and Auditor General report said. According to the budget manual, no expenditure should be incurred on a scheme or service without a budgetary provision. The Social Welfare department spent nearly ?534 crore, the highest without budgetary provision."
Rioting in Jammu & Kashmir increased three-fold in 2016	Jammu and Kashmir saw a three-fold increase in cases of rioting and a substantial rise in arson cases in 2016, according to the state police data. Kashmir witnessed as many as 3,404 cases of rioting in 2016 as compared to 1,157 such cases in 2015. Similarly, 267 cases of arson were registered in 2016 as against 147 in 2015.
US ends laptop ban on flights from Middle East, North Africa	The US has ended a four-month ban on flyers carrying laptops on US-bound flights from airports in North Africa and the Middle East. Last month, officials announced new security requirements for all airlines rather than an extension of the laptop ban. The UK continues to enforce a similar electronics ban on flights from several Middle Eastern airports.
Techies start 'saveTCSplease' handle on Lucknow biz closure	"IT major Tata Consultancy Services' (TCS) decision to shift its Lucknow operations to Noida prompted techies associated with the organisation to create a Twitter account ""@saveTCSplease"". They have also urged CM Yogi Adityanath to save the establishment from closure. An application posted on the account sought Adityanath's intervention in the company?s decision that could affect 2,000 employees."
Ambulance stopped to let former PM's car pass in Karnataka	"An ambulance was stopped to let former PM Deve Gowda's car pass in Karnataka's Chikkaballapur on Tuesday. The ambulance, rushing an accident victim to a hospital, was initially given clearance, but later stopped near Gowda's car. ""I am not a person to have any privileges...I am only a small politician. I did not see the ambulance at all"", Gowda said."
Burhan Wani's family wanted him to surrender: Home Ministry	A Home Ministry official has revealed that the family of terror group Hizbul Mujahideen's slain commander Burhan Wani wanted him to surrender. Wani's relatives sought police intervention in 2013 after he left his home in 2010 and joined militancy at the age of 15. Wani was killed in an encounter with security forces on July 8 last year.
Early Trends: BJP leads in 281 of 399 counted seats in UP	The Bharatiya Janata Party was leading in 140 of the 201 counted seats in Uttar Pradesh, according to the early trends. The Samajwadi Party-Congress alliance was a distant second with a lead in 32 seats, while the Mayawati-led Bahujan Samaj Party led in 21 seats. Notably, the India Today-Axis My India exit poll had predicted a clear majority for BJP.
Six held for selling Reliance Jio SIMs available for free	Six people have been arrested by the Indore police for allegedly duping customers by selling them Reliance Jio SIM cards, which are made available by Mukesh Ambani-led company free of cost. They used to collect more than one thumb impression of customers and used it along with Aadhaar details to activate other SIMs and sell each for up to ?1,000.
Credit to Kohli for staying out of coach selection: Ganguly	"Cricket Advisory Committee member Sourav Ganguly said Team India skipper Virat Kohli has not made any suggestions in the coach selection process. ""We will speak to Virat and the announcement will be made...Virat, who we respect so much, is an important cog in this wheel. Credit needs to be given to him for staying out of this process,"" said Ganguly."
MP whose behaviour resulted in 'no-fly' rule hails the move	"Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad, whose assault of a 60-year-old Air India staffer resulted in the formation of the government's 'no-fly' rule, has called the ruling a ""welcome move"". However, he also called for ""stricter guidelines for airline staff as well"". Gaikwad was banned from travelling in various airlines after he attacked an Air India staffer with a slipper."
Delhi to develop driving cycle to tackle air pollution	The Central Pollution Control Board is planning to develop a city-specific 'driving cycle' and location-specific air quality management in Delhi. Notably, driving cycles estimate how much pollution a vehicle is emitting and its fuel consumption. The plan will be pursued with the money which manufacturers and dealers deposited with the Board over the last one year as Environment Protection Charge.
Salman, Karisma to do a cameo in 'Judwaa 2'	Filmmaker Sajid Nadiadwala has confirmed that actors Salman Khan and Karisma Kapoor will make a special appearance in 'Judwaa 2'. The two actors starred in the 1997 film 'Judwaa'. Varun Dhawan will be playing the lead role in the film, which will also star Jacqueline Fernandez and Taapsee Pannu. Directed by David Dhawan, 'Judwaa 2' will release on September 29. n
Delhi Development Authority to come up with 13k flats in Jan	Delhi Development Authority is set to launch a housing scheme under which it would offer around 13,000 flats in the capital city. Scheduled to be launched by January 26, the scheme would provide flats under different categories in various colonies including Sarita Vihar and Pitampura. Reportedly, buyers will get nearly a month to complete all formalities and submit applications.
Indian women's cricketer Shikha felicitated by IAF Chief	Flight Lt Shikha Pandey, a member of the Indian women's cricket team, was felicitated by Indian Air Force Chief BS Dhanoa for her performance at the Women's World Cup 2017. Pandey, commissioned in the IAF on June 30, 2012, as an air traffic control officer, was awarded the Chief of the Air Staff commendation by the Air Chief Marshal.
Over 70% of Japan's biggest coral reef has died	The Japanese government has found that 70% of the Sekisei lagoon, Japan's biggest coral reef, has died due to bleaching caused by rising sea temperatures. It also found that over 91% of the coral is at least partly bleached. A survey in September and October discovered that over 56% of the reef had died, meaning the bleaching has spread rapidly.
Baahubali actor Rana Daggubati is blind in one eye	"Baahubali actor Rana Daggubati revealed that he is blind in the right eye during a Telugu chat show, which was uploaded on YouTube in 2016. He added that the eye was donated to him by a donor, after he lost his eye during his childhood. ""If I close my left eye, I can see no one,"" he further added."
Not answerable to media: Mallya after being granted bail	"Absconding businessman and liquor baron Vijay Mallya, who was granted bail on Tuesday till December 4, said he is not answerable to the media. ""The court proceedings are on. I have denied all allegations that have been made and will continue to deny that,"" the former Kingfisher Airlines chief said. ""I have enough evidence to prove my case,"" he added."
How will tobacco products be taxed under GST?	Under the GST regime, a 204% cess will be levied on pan masala gutkha. With regard to pan masala the cess will be 60%, while for tobacco the levy will vary from 71%-204%. Smoking mixtures for pipes and cigarettes will attract a levy of 290%. The cess would be over and above the peak GST rate of 28%
Mumbaikars protest outside BMC on 192 unresolved complaints	Mumbai residents have been protesting outside the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) Bandra office every Monday and Friday since July 7 over 192 complaints that haven't been resolved in 18 months. The complaints were filed in BMC's public grievance registration system set up in 2015. The complaints include illegal encroachments, drainage issues, potholes, and tree cutting among others.
Those disrupting Parliament should be suspended: Tharoor	"Congress MP Shashi Tharoor on Monday said those disrupting the Parliament should be suspended automatically from the House. ""I don?t think people have sent me to disrupt the House. However, the culture of Indian politics since independence has sadly taken this shape,"" he added. He further clarified he hasn?t changed his views on this and his party knows this."
Cong takes U-turn on Rahul Gandhi's meet with Chinese envoy	"The Congress on Monday took a U-turn on party Vice President Rahul Gandhi's meeting with the Chinese ambassador to India, Luo Zhaohui, on July 8 in Delhi amid the ongoing China-India border standoff. While the Congress had earlier termed the reports of Gandhi meeting Zhaohui as ""fake news"", the political party later acknowledged that the ""courtesy meeting"" did take place."
Can IIT withhold result: SC on student expelled for harassment	The Supreme Court has said it will examine whether IIT Kanpur can withhold the result of a student expelled in 2016 for sexually harassing a female student. The man had filed a plea for his result to be declared, saying he wasn't given a copy of the complaint. He also said he wasn't allowed to defend himself before the expulsion.
65-yr-old priest held over unnatural sex with 10-yr-old boy	The Kerala Police has arrested Father Basil Kuriyakose, the Principal of Kings David International School, for allegedly subjecting a 10-year-old boy to unnatural sex. The pastor is said to have molested the boy on December 21 night after other hostel inmates had gone for a vacation. The 65-year-old priest was booked under Section 377 of the IPC.
Gold seized from trolleys, toys, ovens at Delhi Airport	Customs officials at Delhi Airport apprehended alleged smugglers attempting to conceal 5 kg of gold worth approximately ?1.4 crore in microwave ovens, trolleys, toys, wafers and confectionery boxes this week. However, officials added that gold smuggling has decreased since demonetisation. Customs officials seized 240 kg of gold in the 2016-17 fiscal, which was 190 kg less than in 2015-16.
Modi to be 1st international leader to dine in WH with Trump	PM Narendra Modi will become the first foreign dignitary to have dinner at the White House with US President Donald Trump. Modi, who will arrive in Washington tonight on a three-day visit, will have a working dinner with Trump on Monday, after a one-on-one interaction followed by bilateral meetings. Modi is on a three-nation tour to USA, Portugal and Netherlands.
Thailand named world's best destination for relaxation	Thailand was named the world's best destination for relaxation at the 6th Lonely Planet India Travel Awards in Mumbai. While Austria was named the best destination for romance, Spain was named the best destination for food and drink and Japan was named the best destination for culture. Further, Singapore was named the best family destination.
13-yr-old boy raped in Mumbai dies of multiple organ failure	A 13-year-old boy from Mumbai, who was allegedly gangraped earlier this month, died of multiple organ failure on Tuesday after consuming rat poison on July 12. The boy was assaulted along with his 10-year-old friend, who also consumed poison with him but died earlier. Currently, the police have questioned all his friends and are trying to identify the accused.
20-year-old woman raped in a car in South Delhi	A 20-year-old woman, who had come to Delhi in search of a job, was raped on Thursday by a man in South Delhi?s Moti Bagh area in a car, the police said. The accused, posing as a cab driver, drove the woman around for over two hours and raped her later. This comes four years after December 16 rape case.
Every dog has his day, Vivian Richards tells BCCI	"Former West Indies cricketer Sir Vivian Richards has spoken against BCCI campaigning to retain its majority revenue share in ICC, saying ""every dog has his day"". ""We as West Indies during our hay day made a lot of teams make money by going for tours...it should be equal because everyone is making a contribution to the international stage,"" said Richards."
UP CM wants pics of teachers to be pasted on school walls	UP CM Yogi Adityanath has directed the officials to paste teachers' pictures on the walls of state-run schools to cross-check from the students whether those teachers, whose pictures were displayed, attend schools regularly and teach or not. Some teachers in these schools use proxies to teach while they themselves draw hefty salaries without doing any work, he said.
Rishi Kapoor wins best supporting actor award at Filmfare	Rishi Kapoor won the Best Supporting Actor (Male) award for 'Kapoor & Sons' while Shabana Azmi was named Best Supporting Actor (Female) for the film 'Neerja' at the Filmfare Awards 2017. In the debut awards category, Diljit Dosanjh won Best Debut (Male) for 'Udta Punjab', while Ritika Singh bagged the Best Debut (Female) award for 'Saala Khadoos'.
Either Rahul Gandhi or I will jump in Ganga: Uma Bharti	"Union Minister Uma Bharti has asked Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi to check the Ganga cleaning work by 2018, stating if the work is done then he should jump into the Ganga else she will. ""I urge Rahul to not rush to Thailand after the polls. He should see the work is being carried out in four states,"" she added."
Delhi residents can get free MRI, CT scan at 21 labs	Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain has said that Delhi residents can now avail free MRI, PET and CT scan at 21 private laboratories. People will only be required to show a referral letter from the selected government hospitals or state-run polyclinics to avail the facility. These tests are considered costly but Delhi government is making them free, he added.n
Poster of Ranbir, Katrina's 'Jagga Jasoos' revealed	"The poster of the Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif starrer 'Jagga Jasoos' was revealed on Monday by UTV Motion Pictures alongside the tweet, ""Sometimes, the fastest getaway is an Ostrich!"" In the film, Ranbir plays the detective Jagga, who tries to find the whereabouts of his father. Directed by Anurag Basu, it is scheduled to release on April 7, 2017."
World's tallest 8-year-old boy is 6 feet 6 inches	A Meerut-based boy is 6 feet 6 inches tall, making him the world's tallest eight-year-old. Karan Singh set the Guinness World Record for being the tallest and heaviest baby as he was 63 cm tall and weighed 7.8 kg as a newborn. Karan said he doesn't feel embarrassed by his height and hopes to become a basketball player or doctor. n
Nitish Kumar a genuine leader, make him Congress Prez: Guha	"Referring to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar as a ""genuine leader"", historian Ramachandra Guha has called for making Kumar the president of the Congress party. ?For the Congress is a party without a leader and Nitish is a leader without a party,? Guha said. ""If Congress gives him a chance to lead the UPA, it might have a future,"" he added."
Delhi crime rate down by 31%, cops solved 65% cases in 2017	Delhi's crime rate has fallen by 31.54% this year, with the police managing to solve 65.42% cases reported this year. This is a 16% increase in the solve rate, which stood at 45.15% in 2015. Till May 15 last year, 802 rape cases were reported, while the figure stands at 740 this year, with 77.3% cases reported to be solved.
AAP takes second spot in Punjab, Cong crosses halfway mark	The trends till 11:00 PM on Saturday show that the AAP has taken the second spot in Punjab by leading in 25 seats while the lead is still maintained by Amarinder Singh-led Congress on 69 seats. The ruling Shiromani Akali Dal has been pushed to the third position. The Congress is being predicted to be able to form the government conveniently.
Petrol theft racket busted in Maharashtra, 11 pumps sealed	Thane crime branch on Saturday busted a petrol pump racket that was operating across Maharashtra. The racketeers used electronic chips to dispense less fuel than what was displayed on the vending machines. Following arrests of several people involved, including the owners of the petrol pumps, a total of 11 petrol pumps were sealed across the state.
Monorails come face-to-face to rescue stranded passengers	Monorail services were disrupted on Saturday evening in Mumbai after a train stopped functioning due to a power failure, following which authorities deployed another to tow it away and rescue stranded passengers. Pictures of the two trains, which seemingly came face-to-face, led to speculations that a head-on collision was averted but authorities denied reports of two trains nearly crashing.
Punjab: Cong crosses halfway mark, leads in 64 of 117 seats	After the counting of votes began for all the 117 seats in Punjab, the Congress Party crossed the halfway mark with a lead in as many as 64 seats. The incumbent Shiromani Akali Dal-Bharatiya Janata Party alliance was leading only in 26 constituencies across the state whereas the Aam Aadmi Party stood third with a lead in 25 seats.
London's Big Ben to close for visitors for three years	London's Big Ben will close for visitors for nearly three years for renovations, involving repairs to the clock's hands, mechanism and pendulum. Under the project, which will reportedly cost over ?250 crore, a lift will also be installed and the safety standards will be upgraded. During the repairs, the 157-year-old tower will go silent for the first time since 2007.
SEBI seeks clarification over Idea-Vodafone merger	Market regulator SEBI has sought clarification from Aditya Birla Group firm Idea regarding its proposed merger with Vodafone India. Besides, the firms approached the Competition Commission of India last month regarding the proposed merger and are awaiting the fair trade regulator's nod in this regard. In March, Vodafone and Idea announced their merger to create India's largest telecom operator.
Topic is redundant: Madhuri on rumoured ex-boyfriend Dutt	Actress Madhuri Dixit has said that the topic of rumoured ex-boyfriend Sanjay Dutt in present times is redundant. Madhuri said this in response to reports which stated that she asked filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani to remove references to her alleged relationship with Dutt in his upcoming biopic. Sanjay and Madhuri were rumoured to be dating in the 1990s.
Flight crew averts mid-air fire caused by phone	Cabin crew on a  Kochi-Colombo SriLankan Airlines flight extinguished a mid-flight fire suspected to have been caused by a phone in an overhead locker. The crew put a bag in the water after failing to stop the smoke with a fire extinguisher. Upon investigation, the crew found a lithium battery pack and two mobile phones in it.
Ghajini director slams National Awards jury for being biased	AR Murugadoss, director of 2008 film 'Ghajini' on Twitter slammed the 64th National Awards' jury for being biased. After the awards were announced, numerous Twitter users questioned why the best actor National Award was given to Akshay Kumar and not Aamir Khan. Meanwhile, filmmaker Hansal Mehta also expressed disappointment at his film 'Aligarh' not receiving any recognition.
Idea of annual spectrum auction progressive: Airtel's Mittal	"Bharti Airtel Chairman Sunil Mittal has said the government's proposal to auction spectrum every year whether industry needs it or not is ""very progressive thought"". ""In fact, it will become a leading edge practice worldwide,"" Mittal added. Earlier, Telecom Secretary JS Deepak said the government is looking to make spectrum auction an annual event and will seek TRAI's recommendations."
Priyanka wears world's longest trench coat at Met Gala 2017	Actress Priyanka Chopra wore what is believed to be the world's longest trench coat at the Met Gala 2017 red carpet. Priyanka made her debut at the annual fundraising event, which was held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, on Monday. The trench coat gown with the long train was designed by Ralph Lauren.
Over 1 cr households in urban India without bathrooms: Govt	"The Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation has revealed that over one crore households in urban India don't have bathrooms. ""Nearly 1 crore or about 13% of the total households in urban areas don't have latrine facility ? neither access to public latrine nor do they have toilets within their premises,"" said the Ministry."
Man arrested for raping, molesting teenage sisters	A 22-year-old man was arrested in west Delhi for allegedly raping his 17-year-old sister and molesting his 13-year-old sister, police said. Reportedly, the accused had been assaulting his sisters for the past one year and threatened to throw them out of the house if they complained. Their father passed away two years ago and their mother is suffering from cancer.
On World Milk Day, protesting farmers spill milk on road	Maharashtra farmers, who are currently on an indefinite strike in protest against the state's inaction, emptied a milk van onto a road on World Milk Day on Thursday. The farmers also stopped goods-carrying trucks on highways and threw away fruits and vegetables in the trucks. They have been demanding crop loan waivers, interest-free loans and a pension scheme, among others.
Air India grounded 34 cabin crew members for being 'obese'	Air India has grounded 34 cabin crew members, including 30 air hostesses, due to high Body Mass Index, the government said. Cabin crew who are in the obese category are grounded to enable them to attain prescribed limits, Union Minister Jayant Sinha said. Notably, cabin crew members found overweight are deemed temporarily unfit and given three months to reduce weight.n
India won't count bullets if Pak fires even one: Rajnath	"Speaking on the issue of cross-border aggression by Pakistan, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the Indian Army has been given the permission not to keep a record of bullets if Pakistani forces fire even one bullet. ""Pakistan is trying to disturb peace and tranquillity in J&K time and again, but this practice will not continue for long,"" Singh added."
J'khand doctors operate woman's right kidney instead of left	Doctors of a medical institute in Jharkhand operated on the right kidney of a patient when the stones were detected in the left one. After the patient's husband pointed out the mistake to the doctors, they assured him of treatment in a private hospital but later asked them to leave. The Urology department's head blamed junior doctors for the mistake.
Nitish Kumar to consider BJP's support in forming Bihar govt	JD(U)'s Nitish Kumar did not rule out taking BJP's support for forming a new government in Bihar following his resignation as the Chief Minister on Wednesday. Claiming that it had become difficult to run the ruling Congress-JD(U)-RJD alliance in the prevailing circumstances, Kumar added that he was not blaming anyone for his resignation.
Facebook poaches Google exec as its first Industry Director	Social media giant Facebook has poached senior Google executive Pulkit Trivedi as its first  Industry Director to spearhead e-commerce, retail, travel and financial services verticals in India. Besides Google, Trivedi has over 18 years of experience at multinational companies including Intel, Microsoft, and IBM. Earlier in June, Facebook appointed Umang Bedi as its new Managing Director for India.
Pankaj Advani wins silver at Asian Snooker Championship	Indian cueist Pankaj Advani won silver at the Asian Snooker Championship, losing the final to China's Lv Haotian in Doha on Friday. A win would have made Pankaj the only player in history to win all Majors in two sports at all levels across all formats. With the loss, Pankaj missed out on a career Grand Slam in cue sport.
Justice delayed, not denied: Nirbhaya's kin on SC verdict	"As the SC on Friday upheld the decision to award death penalty to four convicts in the 2012 Nirbhaya gangrape case, the victim's parents said, ""Justice was delayed, but not denied."" While Nirbhaya's father said, ""It's a victory for my family, I'm very happy with the judgement,"" her mother said, ""This is not just our victory. This is everybody's victory."""
PM Modi is not authoritative: J&K CM Mehbooba Mufti	"Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti said, ""I have met PM Narendra Modi a few times and I have found that he is open to ideas. He is not authoritative."" Speaking at India Today Conclave, she added, ""Contrary to perception and allegations by some, Modi is not centralised. He wants to make a true federal system in the country."""
New device allows creating music with thoughts	US-based researchers have developed a hands-free musical instrument that allows people to create music with their thoughts. The team developed the over 50-year-old technology of 'encephalophone', an instrument that collects specific brain signals through a cap and converts them into musical notes. Researchers hope this new instrument will empower and rehabilitate patients with motor disabilities.
It was not notebandi, but nasbandi: Lalu Prasad Yadav	"RJD supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav on Tuesday equated notebandi (demonetisation) to forced nasbandi (sterilisation). ""It wasn't notebandi but nasbandi, carried out by the Modi government on crores of people, who were forced to stand in queue for withdrawing their own money from the banks,"" said Lalu. He further called PM Narendra Modi a twin brother of US President Donald Trump."
Traffic restricted till July 31 in Mumbai's Marol	Mumbai traffic police on Friday issued an order restricting traffic movement in Marol till July 31 over the construction of a metro station there. Authorities have advised the commuters to plan their rides according to the restrictions which include diversions, one-ways, no entries and no-parking areas. The order prevents entry of vehicles from Andheri-Kurla Road towards Makwana Road among others.
Clarke endorses Kohli's stance on Smith's DRS controversy	"Former Australian captain Michael Clarke has said that it was unacceptable if Australia were seeking help from outside the field for the DRS. ""The fact that Handscomb even thought of asking the Australian skipper to turn around and look to the support staff, I've got my concerns"", Clarke added about the incident."
Will gherao MU if results not declared by July 31: Congress	Mumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam on Saturday said that Congress workers will 'gherao' the Mumbai University on August 2, if it doesn't declare the results by July 31. According to Congress, over 20 lakh answer sheets are yet to be checked. Nirupam alleged that the online-assessment firm got the contract with MU without proper tendering process due to BJP's support.
Air India Express flight skids off runway	"An Air India Express flight with 185 passengers onboard veered off the runway at Mangaluru Airport on Sunday during touchdown due to ""unfavourable winds,"" an official said. All passengers and crew members were unhurt, while no ""noticeable damage"" to the aircraft was found. ""An alert pilot immediately corrected the path and the aircraft landed safely,"" the official added."
BCCI to appoint professional manager for Team India	The BCCI is set to appoint a professional manager for the Indian cricket team. The move has come after the Committee of Administrators deemed the reports by BCCI representatives acting as managers had little meaning. Notably, the team's administrative manager, in his Champions Trophy report, had made no mention of the rift between then coach Anil Kumble and Virat Kohli.
India will be world's youngest nation by 2020: Envoy	"With an average age of 29, India will be world's youngest country by 2020, India's envoy to Sri Lanka, Taranjith Singh Sandhu, said on Sunday. ""With western Europe, the US, South Korea, Japan and even China ageing, this demographic potential offers India an unprecedented edge which could further contribute to the GDP growth rate,"" he stated.n"
Upasana Singh to feature in The Kapil Sharma Show	Actress-comedienne Upasana Singh will feature in The Kapil Sharma Show (TKSS) in the role of the host's 'Mausi'. Upasana was part of Kapil's earlier show Comedy Nights with Kapil on Colors channel but she decided not to join Kapil's new show after he left the channel. However, after her fallout with another show, she appeared in a few TKSS episodes.
Man meets woman on matrimonial site, flees with ?1 lakh ring	A man met a woman on a matrimonial website and allegedly stole her gold ring worth ?1 lakh. They had decided to get married, and met at a Mumbai cafe where the accused said he wanted to buy her a ring. She gave him her own ring for size, following which he left to make a call and never returned.
4 arrested for cloning credit cards at Gurugram multiplexes	Four persons were arrested by Gurugram Police for allegedly cloning debit and credit cards of customers at PVR cinemas in two malls on MG Road. The accused allegedly cloned around 45 to 50 cards and stole up to ?25 lakh from customers. They reportedly took note of ATM PIN numbers and used it to withdraw cash from the cloned cards.
Assam people slam Centre as PM visits flood-hit Gujarat	"After Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited flood-hit Gujarat and announced ?500 crore as relief for the state, many in Assam took to social media to accuse the Centre of neglecting the northeastern state. ""Over 70 died in Assam flood. Modi sends junior minister (Kiren) Rijiju. Flood in Gujarat, Modi flies himself. Why two separate standards?"" a journalist from Assam posted."
Police walk hours in snow to take pregnant woman to hospital	Six policemen carried a 23-year-old pregnant woman for over three hours through a snow-capped village in Himachal Pradesh, to ensure she reached the hospital. They carried the woman, Kamini, in a chair for 10 kilometres as an ambulance was unable to reach her home due to snowfall. Kamini later gave birth to a baby girl at the hospital in Shimla.
Casting in films based on famous family or big name: Prachi	"Actress Prachi Desai said that casting in films is still based on whether the person is a big name or belongs to a famous family. She also said that people in the industry are not welcoming to outsiders. Prachi added, ""I...turned down a couple of big films, because they...wanted me to do the same kind of thing again and again."""
Cars may predict if driver is having a heart attack	"US-based scientists are developing a new system that can predict if a car driver is about to have a heart attack. Researchers, in collaboration with Japanese automaker Toyota, are working on technology that can monitor and analyse the physiology of the driver. ""The medical event interferes with the driver's ability to safely drive and operate the car,"" said a researcher."
84-yr-old donates ?1 crore life savings to armed forces	An 84-year-old retired State Bank of India employee, Janardan Bhatt, and his wife recently donated ?1 crore, his entire life savings, to the National Defence Fund. Bhatt was reportedly prompted to take the decision after watching reports of martyred jawans and the challenging conditions they face. Notably, Bhatt and his colleague had earlier shelled out ?54 lakh to help someone.
Tomb discovered behind 4,200-year-old wall in Egypt	Archaeologists recently found evidence of a new tomb behind a 4,200-year-old wall unearthed in Egypt. The two-metre high wall has been found below a pathway in the West Aswan cemetery at Qubbet el-Hawa, and the hidden tomb is thought to hold an unknown ruler. The team will reportedly excavate the tomb further in April next year.
TN CM seeks PM?s help over arrest of fishermen by Sri Lanka	Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam, in a letter to PM Narendra Modi, has sought the latter's intervention to secure the release of Indian fishermen captured by Sri Lanka. He also apprised the PM of the 114 boats captured by Sri Lanka. Notably, this is the fourth letter written by Panneerselvam to the PM ever since he took over as CM.n
Ambassador car brand sold to Peugeot for ?80 crore	Kolkata-based automaker Hindustan Motors on Friday sold the iconic Ambassador car brand to French car manufacturer Peugeot in a deal worth ?80 crore. Hindustan Motors began manufacturing the Ambassador car in 1958, which was also used by several Prime Ministers. The production of the car stopped nearly three years ago in May 2014.
Clashes in Bihar over temple demolition for road widening	Clashes took place between police and locals in Patna, Bihar, over the demolition of a temple by the administration for road widening. The mob set on fire police vehicle and pelted stones on the authorities for attempting to demolish the temple. After dispersing the crowd by firing in the air, the police demolished the temple and the situation remains tensed.
Pranab Mukherjee revoked term 'His Excellency' for President	Outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee had discontinued the term 'His Excellency' earlier used to address Presidents, during his tenure as the 13th President of the country. He instead asked the word 'Hon'ble' to be added before a designation. Further, he had also directed authorities to organise maximum events inside the Rashtrapati Bhavan to reduce inconvenience caused to the police and people.
5 colonies of Central Delhi to turn zero-waste by 2018	"As many as five localities in Central Delhi, including Jor Bagh and Pandara Park, will be made zero-waste colonies by 2018, the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) Chairman Naresh Kumar announced on Friday. ""The stress will be on segregation of waste at source, composting of organic waste and recycling so that minimum possible garbage reaches landfill sites,"" Kumar said."
India's first transgender Sub-Inspector joins TN police	India's first transgender Sub-Inspector, K Prithika Yashini, has joined the Tamil Nadu police force after completing her one-year training. Yashini had moved the Madras High Court in 2015 after her application for the post was rejected. The court ordered the authorities to appoint her as an SI and asked for the inclusion of transgenders as a third category.
Vintage Car Rally to be held in Delhi from February 17	National Green Tribunal has given its permission to conduct the seventh edition of 21 Gun Salute International Vintage Car Rally between February 17-19 in Delhi. The tribunal made an exception to its 2014 order banning all vehicles older than 15 years in the national capital following a plea by show organisers that said the event raises funds for spastic children.
Raveesh Kumar to be Foreign Ministry spokesperson	Raveesh Kumar is reportedly going to be the next spokesperson of the Ministry of External Affairs. Kumar, who is currently posted in Frankfurt as Consul General of India, is a 1995-batch IFS officer. He will replace Gopal Baglay, who was appointed as the joint secretary in the Prime Minister?s Office on Friday.
OnePlus 5 to launch in June with dual camera, 8 GB RAM	One of 2017's most anticipated smartphones, OnePlus 5 is expected to launch on June 15 with a dual primary camera setup. According to recent leaks, the device will have 4,000 mAh battery powered by Dash Charge technology with 8 GB RAM and 128 GB internal storage. It will be the first Android flagship with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor.
BJP, Shiv Sena have no option but to come together: Gadkari	"A day after a fractured verdict in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation polls, BJP leader Nitin Gadkari on Friday said there is no option for the BJP and Shiv Sena than coming together. ""The final decision has to be taken by Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray. I'm sure they will take the right decision,"" Gadkari added."
NGT orders ?10,000 fine for throwing waste at public places	"The National Green Tribunal on Monday announced that throwing garbage at public places will attract a fine of ?10,000. The tribunal said that authorities are under ""statutory"" obligation to ensure that waste is ""collected, transported and disposed"" off so that it does not cause public health hazards. The NGT's order came while hearing a plea on waste management in Delhi."
Airtel Chairman Sunil Mittal earned ?30 cr salary in 2016-17	The billionaire Chairman of Bharti Airtel, Sunil Bharti Mittal took home a salary of over ?30 crore in the financial year 2016-17. His annual package was over 8% higher than the previous year when Mittal had drawn a salary of ?27.8 crore. Mittal was re-appointed as Chairman of the company last year for a five-year term.
Cong loses 8/10 seats in Gandhi bastion Amethi, Raebareli	Indian National Congress could manage to win only two of the ten Assembly seats in Amethi and Raebareli parliamentary constituencies, considered strongholds of the Gandhi family. Six of the Assembly seats went to Bharatiya Janata Party while Samajwadi Party won the remaining two. It was a complete washout for the Congress in Rahul Gandhi's Amethi Lok Sabha constituency.
Aishwarya, Abhishek to star in Kashyap's next film: Reports	As per reports, actors Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Abhishek Bachchan will feature together in filmmaker Anurag Kashyap's next film tentatively titled 'Gulab Jamun'. The couple was last seen together in Mani Ratnam's 2010 film 'Raavan'. Reportedly, the romantic comedy will also feature Amitabh Bachchan in a pivotal role.n
Self-defence classes at Infosys post Pune-techie's murder	Following the murder of a female Infosys employee at its Pune campus, the company has intensified self-defence training across all its campuses across India. A fifth dan martial art's expert Jaydev Mhamane has been roped in for the training. The management has also taken several steps like deploying panic buttons and increasing female security guards to prevent such incidents.
France to require 'clean stickers' on cars in polluted areas	"France has imposed a law requiring citizens to display a ""clean sticker"" on their vehicles to combat pollution, after smog clouds covered Paris and other French cities. The sticker will indicate the vehicle's age, engine and its cleanliness. France also extended its ""superbonus scheme"", where owners could receive ?10,000 (?7.14 lakh) for changing their polluting vehicle for an electric one."
Afghanistan Under-19 cricketers to train in Chennai	Afghanistan's Under-19 cricket team is set to train in Chennai ahead of the Under-19 World Cup qualifiers to be held in Singapore next month. Earlier, it was planned that the Under-19 team would be sent to Noida where the Afghan senior cricket team has its training base. Notably, Afghanistan were recently awarded the Test status by ICC.
India's Asian Athletics champs receive ?10 lakh cash reward	Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik felicitated all Indian athletes who won medals at the recently concluded Asian Athletics Championships in the state. The CM awarded ?10 lakh each to gold medalists, ?7.5 lakh each to silver medalists and ?5 lakh each to bronze winners. India finished with 29 medals at the event, including 12 gold, five silver and 12 bronze.
Mamata Banerjee has become a hijra: BJP leader in WB	"BJP leader in West Bengal Shyamapada Mondal has said state CM Mamata Banerjee has become a hijra (eunuch). ""Mamata Banerjee is practising the politics of appeasement and indulging in theatrics,"" he said. ""We cannot understand whether she's a man or a woman. I would say she has become a hijra as you see them on trains and buses,"" he added."
Trump's media chief sacked 10 days after appointment	"White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been removed from his job within the first 10 days of his appointment. This comes after Scaramucci, a Harvard law graduate and former Wall Street financier, launched a foul-mouthed tirade against two of his senior colleagues at the White House last week. ""The president felt his comments were inappropriate,"" Trump's spokeswoman said."
We take user privacy very seriously: Airtel after Jio breach	"Bharti Airtel has termed data breach as a ""real threat"" to businesses and said that the company takes its responsibility on data security and customer privacy ""very seriously"". The comments came after reports claimed that customer data, including mobile numbers and names of Reliance Jio users, were leaked on a website called 'magicapk'. Jio said it is investigating the claims."
Ola, Uber demand changes in Mumbai's City Taxi Scheme	Ola and Uber drivers have sought BJP's support in scrapping 'strict' clauses from Mumbai's new City Taxi Scheme, which aims to provide a level-playing field for all types of cabs. Under this scheme, the permit fee for Ola and Uber drivers reportedly ranges from ?25,000 to ?2.61 lakh, while no such fee is levied on black-and-yellow and Cool Cab drivers.
Village adopted by Manoj Tiwari has free WiFi but no water	"Delhi village Kadipur has free WiFi with 24-hour connectivity but lacks basic civic amenities like regular water supply. The village, which was adopted by BJP MP Manoj Tiwari in 2014, also faces issues like broken roads and choked drains. ""It would have been better if the government fixed this (water supply) instead of spending on internet connectivity,"" a resident said."
UP hotel gets saffron menu 'inspired' by Yogi Adityanath	"The SSJ International Hotel in Lucknow has introduced a new vegetarian menu inspired by Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, which includes saffron and orange-coloured dishes like paneer tikka and pineapple tarts. Its owner, Surendra Kumar Jaiswal said the ""new menu reflects the combination of different flavours, yet these bear the hallmark of simplicity just like the Chief Minister."""
Govt plans to change security marks of banknotes in 3-4 yrs	The government has planned to change security features of ?2,000 and ?500 banknotes every 3-4 years in accordance with the global standards to keep a check on counterfeiting. The move came after fake currency notes were recovered post demonetisation. The security features in newly introduced notes are same as that of old notes, the MHA officials have said.
Been working since I was 19, so break was torturous: Akshaye	Akshaye Khanna, while speaking about his break from films, said it was torturous as he has been working since the age of 19. He added that after he joined films post the sabbatical, he wanted to start with slightly smaller, but quality roles. Akshaye, who's known for films like 'Taal', 'Dil Chahta Hai', will be next seen in Sridevi's 'Mom'.nn
Delhi Metro to get 'driverless' trains in June	The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is set to get its first 'driverless' trains on tracks between Noida and Kalkaji in June this year. These trains will run only on two metro lines ? Pink (Mukundpur-Shiv Vihar) and Magenta (Botanical Garden-Janakpuri West) ? and cannot be integrated with the other existing lines. Trials on these lines started last year.
26/11 mastermind Saeed placed on Pak's Exit Control List	Pakistan on Wednesday placed 26/11 Mumbai attacks mastermind and Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed on its Exit Control List, two days after he and his four aides were put under house arrest. Saeed and 38 other individuals, who are linked to JuD or Lashkar-e-Taiba, have been placed on the list, which prohibits them from leaving Pakistan.
Our struggle will continue: Akhilesh Yadav	"Outgoing Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday said, ""Our struggle will continue,"" adding that the Samajwadi Party was not only a party but an ideology. He told party workers, ""You all should reach out to people and strengthen the party again."" The Samajwadi Party will devise a new strategy after a meeting with MLAs and party candidates, he added."
Ladies golf body slammed after ban on deep necklines, minis	"The Ladies Professional Golf Association has been criticised by former players for enforcing a dress code that bans plunging necklines, short skirts that reveal the ""bottom area"", leggings, among other attire. The LPGA said the new code was in place so that ""players present themselves in a professional manner to reflect a positive image for the game."""
Bob Dylan to receive his Nobel Prize in Stockholm	Singer-songwriter Bob Dylan will receive his Nobel Prize for Literature in person at Stockholm this weekend. However, he will not give the traditional Nobel lecture in person but will reportedly send a taped version. Dylan will have to deliver the lecture until June 10 in order to receive the ?5 crore which is a part of the Nobel prize.
Rahul shares funny video mocking NDA's pro-poor policies	Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi shared a funny video on Twitter to mock the NDA government's pro-poor policies. In the video, the boy can be seen giving money to the waiter but the girl takes the money back from the waiter, pays the bill herself and puts the boy's money into her purse instead of giving it back to him.
Trump regrets bizarre Paris climate pullout: Richard Branson	"Virgin Group founder Richard Branson on Friday said he had a feeling United States President Donald Trump was regretting the ""bizarre mistake"" of pulling America out of the Paris climate deal. Terming Trump's withdrawal ""very, very strange,"" Branson pointed to his head and said, ""Who knows what goes in there"". He added, ""Hopefully there is a positive change of mind."""
B'luru molestation a conspiracy to defame city: Minister	"Karnataka Home Minister G Parameshwara on Thursday termed the recent Bengaluru mass molestation case a conspiracy to defame the state's Congress government and the Information Technology city. Earlier, he was reported as saying ""these things do happen"" over the case. However, the minister said that he was misquoted by the media and promised to make Bengaluru safer for women."
India will use science to prove importance of cow: Vardhan	"Union Minister of Science and Technology Harsh Vardhan, at a meet in Beijing, China, said that India will demonstrate the importance of the cow by carrying out verifiable scientific research. He added that scientists have been directed to come up with verifiable findings, whether positive or negative, to ""settle controversies"" about the benefits of cow's milk and urine."
Taapsee Pannu's 'Naam Shabana' hits the theatres	"Taapsee Pannu's 'Naam Shabana' ""reminds you how women are no longer helpless when teased by...bunch of drunken louts,"" wrote Times of India. ""The film rarely ventures beyond the trite and tested,"" said NDTV. India Today wrote, ""Taapsee is the film's hero...in spite of loopholes, it gives us some enjoyable moments."" It was rated 3/5 (TOI), 2.5/5 (India Today), 2/5 (NDTV)."
Naxalism has killed 12,000 people in 20 yrs: Rajnath Singh	Asserting that Naxalite violence has killed nearly 12,000 people in the past 20 years, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday launched a new strategy to counter Naxalism. Choking the financial funding of the Naxalites forms the foundation of the new 'SAMADHAN' doctrine. The strategy also involves the use of advanced technology like drones and smart guns with biometrics-activated triggers.
Pakistan hands over Indian national to India	Pakistan on Thursday handed over Javed Iqbal, an Indian national who had inadvertently crossed the LoC on May 3, 2016, to the Indian Army. Javed was handed over at Chakan Da Bagh crossing point along LoC in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir. Iqbal's return was made possible after continuous pursuance by the Indian Army, said a defence official.
Government denies any plan to build wall between India, Pak	Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju has informed the Parliament that there is no proposal with the Central government to build a wall along Pakistan border. In another statement, the Union Home Ministry said that approximately 250 km of India-Pakistan border has not been fenced primarily due to riverines, ditches and marshy terrain, and pending land acquisition.
Amarnath pilgrim succumbs to injuries, attack toll reaches 8	An Amarnath pilgrim, who was part of the convoy attacked by terrorists last week, succumbed to her injuries on Sunday, taking the death toll to eight. The 47-year-old woman, Lalita, was on the bus on which terrorists opened fire while it was returning from Amarnath. The government has announced a compensation of ?7 lakh for those killed in the attack.
Winning three Slams in a year would be a joke, says Federer	"Swiss tennis player Roger Federer, who recently won his 19th Grand Slam title at the Wimbledon, has said it would be a ""joke"" if he wins a third Slam this year at US Open. ""I'm not 25 anymore. I'm not sure I can win three Slams...Winning two is already pretty crazy and plenty good enough for me,"" said the 35-year-old."
Top Naxal Kundan Pahan facing 128 cases surrenders in Ranchi	"Top Maoist leader Kundan Pahan, who was facing 128 cases including the murder of senior cops, on Sunday surrendered before the police in Ranchi. Pahan was carrying a reward of ?15 lakh on his head. The Naxalites coming forward to surrender have understood ""the hollowness of Maoist ideology and believe in the Constitution"", said senior CRPF officer Sanjay Lathkar."
Ex-women's champ makes male fan play tennis wearing a skirt	"Four-time Grand Slam champion Kim Clijsters made a male fan wear a skirt and play tennis alongside her during a Wimbledon invitational women's doubles match. Clijsters had asked the audience the kind of service they'd like to see, to which the male fan responded with, ""Body serve."" Clijsters offered him a skirt and called him up to play alongside her."
