1st LD: Club wall collapse kills five in Egypt
Five people died and six others were injured Wednesday after a wall of a club
collapsed in a district of Egypt's Helwan governorate, witnesses said.
Israel arrests Hamas lawmaker in West Bank
Israeli army arrested eight Palestinians in the West Bank on Wednesday,
including a Hamas lawmaker, witnesses and security sources said.
Kuwait donates 500 mln USD to east Sudan
Oil-rich Kuwait on Wednesday decided to donate 500 million U.S. dollars in aid
to east Sudan, the first batch of donations at an international donors
conference held in Kuwait city.
Donors, investors conference for East Sudan opens in Kuwait
An international donors and investors conference for east Sudan opened on
Wednesday in Kuwait City to promote the development in the region.
Iran hangs "temporary" wife of former football star for murder
Iran hanged the temporary wife of a former football star on Wednesday for
committing murder after she spent more than eight years in prison, the local
satellite Press TV reported.
Roundup: Haneya says to respect any outcome of Palestinian
referendum on peace
by Fares Akram
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
AMMAN, Dec. 1 (Xinhua) - The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market
closed at 2,345 points on Wednesday, 9 points lower from Tuesday's finish.
Iran says foreign investment up 95 pct: minister
Iranian Economy Minister Shamseddin Hosseini said that there has been a
95-percent leap in foreign investments in Iran from last year, local satellite
Press TV reported on Wednesday.
Sudanese gov't vows to protect oil field workers regardless of
referendum result
The Sudanese government on Wednesday vowed to ensure security and safety of all
the workers in the country's oil fields whatever the result of south Sudan
referendum is.
Turkish deputy PM calls for international cooperation against
corruption
Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Cemil Cicek on Wednesday called for international
cooperation to fight corruption.
Israeli FM acts to prevent airport security humiliation of VIPs
Concerned by recent incidents in which VIPs visiting Israel were harassed, at
times humiliated, by airport security checks, Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor
Lieberman Tuesday directed his ministry to draw a plan meant to assist innocent
tourists or senior officials in case of need.
Two policemen killed in bomb attack in western Iraq
Two policemen were killed and two others wounded in a roadside bomb explosion
targeted a police convoy in Iraq's Anbar province on Wednesday, a provincial
police source said.
Urgent: Egypt's Wafd party withdraws from election
The liberal Wafd opposition party announced on Wednesday its withdrawal from
Egypt's parliamentary election amid accusations that the vote was rigged,
according its official website.
Iran says "basic questions" should be addressed in talks with
G5+1
Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili said Wednesday Iran's essential
questions should be answered in the upcoming talks with the five UN Security
Council permanent members and Germany (G5+1), the official IRNA news agency
reported.
Hamas court sentences policeman to death
A Hamas military court on Wednesday sentenced a Hamas policeman to death for
killing a Palestinian man in a Gaza City market last month.
Turkish police seizes 174 kg hashish
The Turkish police Wednesday seized 174 kg of hashish in four separate
operations in Turkey's southeastern province of Diyarbakir, the semi-official
Anatolia news agency reported.
Feature: Olive: Syria's ancient green old
Legend claims that olive trees appeared first in ancient Syria, nearly 6,000
years ago, before expanding to the rest of the Mediterranean basin.
Turkey's export growth slow to 7.3 pct in November
Turkey's exports increased by 7.3 percent to 9.4 billion U.S. dollars year-on-
year in November, a slower growth than last month, local media reported
Wednesday.
Urgent: Egypt's Musilim Brotherhood withdraws from election
Egypt's banned Muslim Brotherhood, which held a fifth of seats in the outgoing
parliament, announced on Wednesday it decided to pull out of an election race
after winning no seats in the first round, spokesman Essam Al-Aryan told Xinhua.
Iran protests "Arabian Gulf" in U.S. Navy directive via Swiss
envoy: report
Iran summoned Swiss ambassador to Iran Livia Leu Agosti on Wednesday to protest
the use of the term "Arabian Gulf" for "Persian Gulf" in a U.S. Navy directive,
state IRIB TV reported.
1st LD: Egypt's Wafd party withdraws from election
The liberal Wafd opposition party announced on Wednesday its withdrawal from
Egypt's parliamentary election amid accusations that the vote was rigged,
according its official web site.
News Analysis: Frustration Behind Abbas' call for unilateralism
by Adam Gonn
Roundup: Gulf Arab markets end on a mixed note
While stock markets in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Saudi Arabia posted
moderate gains, exchanges in Kuwait and Qatar weakened on Wednesday.
1st LD: Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood boycotts election run-off
Egypt's banned Muslim Brotherhood (MB) announced on Wednesday that it decided to
pull out of an election race after winning no seats in the first round, its
spokesman Essam Al-Arian told Xinhua.
WEF to implement global risk response network
The World Economic Forum (WEF) aims to implement a global risk-response network,
the forum founder and Executive Chairman Klaus Schwab said Wednesday.
Roundup: Israel, Brazil sign security co-op agreement
by Gur Salomon
Israelis more distrustful of gov't institutions: survey
A recent survey concludes that most Israelis grow distrustful of the country's
official institutions.
Building collapse kills 5 in Egypt
Five people died and 12 others were injured after a building collapsed in south
of Egyptian capital Cairo, hospital sources said Wednesday.
Roundup: Egypt's polling results raise boycott among opposition
groups
Egypt's top two opposition movements, Al-Wafd Party and officially banned Muslim
Brotherhood (MB) , announced Wednesday withdrawal from the run-off of Egypt's
parliamentary election, accusing the vote was rigged.
Lebanese president launches consultations to break stalemate over
Hariri court
Lebanese President Michel Suleiman launched a round of consultations with rival
leaders Wednesday to end the country's political impasse and resume Cabinet
sessions stalled since Nov. 10.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 1
The liberal Wafd opposition party announced on Wednesday its withdrawal from
Egypt's parliamentary election amid accusations that the vote was rigged,
according its official web site.
Dollar at lower 84 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 84 yen level early Thursday in Tokyo.
Over 2 mln Australian men suffer from persistent back pain
About 2.3 million Australian men suffer from persistent back pain and nearly
half of them have never had it diagnosed, a new research conducted by Arthritis
Australia showed on Thursday.
Japan's capital spending rises 5.0 pct in July-Sept. period
Japanese firms increased capital spending in the July-September period by 5.0
percent from a year earlier, marking the first annual gain since 2007, the
Ministry of Finance said in a report on Thursday.
Japan's monetary base climbs 7.6 pct in Nov.
Japan's monetary base climbed 7.6 percent in November from year earlier, marking
the 27th straight month of growth, the Bank of Japan (BOJ) said in a report on
Thursday.
Thousands at memorial service for New Zealand mine workers
Thousands of New Zealanders gathered at Omoto racecourse at South Island West
Bank town of Greymouth on Thursday for the service of remembrance of the 29 men
who died in the Pike River Coal mine disaster.
Australian anti-whaling ships ready to head to Southern Ocean
Anti-whaling ships will leave Hobart of Australia on Thursday for their seventh
campaign in the Southern Ocean to try to stop Japan's whaling program.
6th General Assembly of International Conference of Asian
Political Parties opens in Cambodia
The three-day International Conference of Asian Political Parties (ICAPP) opened
here on Thursday aimed to promote exchanges and cooperation between political
parties from different countries in the region.
Vietnam earns over 17 bln USD from agro-forestry-fishery product
export in 11 months
Vietnam's exports of agro-forestry- fishery products went up 22.5 percent year-
on-year to 17.2 billion U.S. dollars in the first eleven months of this year,
said a report of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on Thursday.
Australia's exports remain strong: economists
Australia's exports remain strong as the Asian economy keeps growing, said
Australian economists on Thursday after official data showed a trade surplus of
more than 2. 5 billion U.S. dollars in October.
Singapore hospitals on alert for killer bug
Singapore is gearing up for a killer bug that could head this way, as hospitals
step up checks on the more susceptible patients including those on antibiotics
and the elderly, local media reported on Thursday.
S. Korea's growth slows to 0.7 pct in third quarter
The South Korean economic growth slowed to 0.7 percent in the third quarter this
year over the last quarter due to deceleration in export growth, the central
bank said Thursday.
Roundup: New Zealand holds national memorial service for 29 dead
mine workers
Thousands of New Zealanders gathered at Omoto racecourse at South Island West
Bnak town of Greymouth on Thursday for the service of remembrance for the 29 men
who died in the Pike River Coal mine disaster.
Additional cases of foot-and-mouth disease confirmed in S. Korea
South Korea confirmed three additional cases of foot-and-mouth disease on
Thursday, raising the number of cases associated with the latest outbreak of the
disease to six.
Philippines, Iran sign tourism agreement
The Philippines and Iran have signed an agreement aimed at boosting the tourism
industry of both countries, according to local media Thursday.
Roundup: Myanmar, Thailand work for building major deep seaport
By Feng Yingqiu
Urgent: Strong earthquake hits Papua New Guinea
A 6.9-magnitude earthquake rocked New Britain region in Papua New Guinea on
Tuesday with an epicenter depth of 32 kilometers, according to the U.S.
Geological Survey.
Rolls Royce engines could catch fire: Australian Transport Safety
Board
The Australian Transport Safety Board (ATSB) on Thursday issued a safety warning
about the Rolls Royce engines used in some Airbus  A380 passenger planes.
Retiring civil servants can be re-hired in Singapore
The Public Service, Singapore's largest employer, will offer re-employment to
workers who reach retirement age from July 2011, local media reported on
Wednesday.
Australian manufacturing activity softens in Nov.
Australian manufacturing activity softened in November resulting from the strong
Australian dollar, rising interest rates and skills shortages, a national survey
revealed on Wednesday.
Citi upbeat on Singapore market next year
Citigroup sees good upside for the Singapore stock market next year, with
certain counters having the potential for 20-30 percent gains, local media
reported Wednesday.
Dollar at lower 84 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 84 yen level Thursday morning in Tokyo.
Myanmar top leader urges national people to achieve success with
roadmap
Myanmar top leader Senior-General Than Shwe Wednesday urged national people to
keep working with nationalistic spirit and Union Spirit to successfully complete
State's seven-step Road Map, the official daily New Light of Myanmar reported.
IT security high on agenda of Asian firms
A global survey showed Singapore and other Asian companies are more likely to
spend money on information security than firms operating out of any other region
in the world, local media reported on Thursday.
WB supports Bangladesh to create employment opportunities for
poor
The World Bank has approved 150 million U.S. dollars  credit to Bangladesh to
create employment opportunities for the country's extreme poor in rural areas
during the lean seasons.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,038.66 points Thursday, 188.66
points higher from previous close of 19,850 points on upbeat manufacturing
growth momentum in November.
Russia's deputy nuclear envoy to meet with S. Korean officials
Russia's deputy nuclear envoy to stalled talks over denuclearization of the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) is set to arrive in Seoul Wednesday
for talks with his South Korean counterparts.
NATO-led forces kill 4 insurgents in northern Afghan province,
detain 2: Official
The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) forces raided
Taliban hideout in northern Kunduz province early Wednesday and eliminated four
insurgents, a local official said.
Indonesia's inflation in Nov. reaches 6.33 pct
Indonesia's inflation in November reached the highest in three month, as the
foods and commodity prices picked up, but the central bank may still refrain
from raising interest rate to control huge capital inflows that may disturb the
economy of the country, official and analyst said here Monday.
1st LD: Strong earthquake hits Papua New Guinea
A 6.9-magnitude earthquake rocked New Britain region in Papua New Guinea on
Thursday with an epicenter depth of 32 kilometers, according to the U.S.
Geological Survey.
2nd LD Writethru: Strong earthquake strikes off Papua New Guinea
A 6.9-magnitude earthquake rocked New Britain island of Papua New Guinea on
Thursday, the US Geological Survey said.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec.1
Militants released 10 of their 12 hostages in the southern Philippines on
Tuesday morning, police said Wednesday.
Nepal needs more efforts to tackle HIV/AIDS: UN
Despite Nepal's some achievements in controlling HIV/AIDS, United Nations say
Nepal needs more efforts to tackle the epidemic.
Thai election authority reaffirms legal compliance in case filing
Thai Election Commission (EC) has complied with legal provisions in its filing
for the dissolution of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva's Democrat Party, a
commissioner said on Wednesday.
Thai PM denies troop withdrawal from Preah Vihear Temple
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Wednesday denied recent reports that
Thai military had withdrawn from Preah Vihear Temple's surrounding areas in
preparation for the reopening of the temple's border crossing this coming
weekend.
Australia's luxury retailer OrotonGroup eyes Asia for expansion
Australia's luxury retailer OrotonGroup Ltd said on Wednesday, it's planning to
open at least five new stores in Asia by the end of 2010/11.
Indonesia's foreign tourist arrivals grow in first 10 months
The number of foreign tourists coming into Indonesia from January to October
rose by 11.88 percent to 5.78 million people, year on year, the National
Statistic Bureau announce here Wednesday.
Australian share market closes flat
The Australian share market closed flat on Wednesday after weaker than expected
growth in September quarter and a negative U.S. lead.
Singapore tourists can look forward to hassle-free tax refunds
Tourists can look forward to a hassle-free tourist refund experience in
Singapore from mid-2011, the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) said
on Wednesday.
Stampede victims in Cambodia receive donation from TV funds
Families of 83 victims of stampede accident who originally lived in Phnom Penh
received donations from TV funds on Wednesday.
Thailand's "red-shirt" calls on Election Commission to resign
Thailand's "red-shirt" faction, June 24 Democratic group, on Wednesday called on
all five members of the Election Commission (EC) to resign, Bangkok Post online
reported.
Japan's new vehicles sales plunge 30.7 pct on-year in November
Japan's domestic new vehicle sales plummeted 30.7 percent from a year earlier as
a government subsidy program for eco-friendly cars expired in September, the
Japan Automobile Dealers Association said in a report on Wednesday.
Malaysia to have more relief centers for single mums
The Malaysian government is setting up more shelter homes for single mothers to
curb baby- dumping issues, a Malaysian official said.
S. Korea's CPI grows 3.3 percent in November
The inflation pace in South Korea slowed down in November as fresh farm product
prices stabilized, a government report showed Wednesday.
Fiji may soon resume exports of fishery products to EU: FM
Fiji's Minister for Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation Ratu Inoke
Kubuabola said on Wednesday that it is highly likely that the country would
resume its exports of Fishery Products (FP) to the European market in the very
near future.
Roundup: Philippine shares bounce back, end 6-day successive
decline
The Philippine stock market bounced back on Wednesday on the back of bargain
hunting on issues that have been battered severely by the local exchange's
successive decline during the past six days.
S. Korean, U.S. forces wrap up joint naval drills
South Korean and U.S. forces wrapped up Wednesday their four-day joint naval
drills in the Yellow Sea.
Vietnam hosts 28th Conference of ASEAN Federation of Engineering
Organizations
The 28th Conference of ASEAN Federation of Engineering Organizations (CAFEO 28)
opened Wednesday in Vietnam's capital Hanoi city, under the theme of "
Engineering and Technology for a Better Quality of Life in response to Climate
Change Challenges".
S. Korean, U.S. top diplomats rule out immediate resumption of
six-party talks
South Korean Foreign Minister Kim Sung- hwan and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton agreed Wednesday the stalled six-party talks should not be resumed until
the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) shows a " responsible attitude"
towards its recent provocation, the foreign ministry here said.
Thai ruling Democrat Party to face second dissolution case
Thailand's Constitution Court has yet to convene and set a date commencing its
inquiry into the allegedly unlawful 258-million-baht (8.57 million U.S. dollars)
donation involving the Democrats, judge Charan Pakdithanakul said on Wednesday.
Malaysia not to repeal death penalty
The Malaysian government has no intention to abolish the death penalty for
murder and other serious crimes, a Malaysian official said on Wednesday.
Indonesia holds grand tools, industrial machinery expo
A grand expo that displays latest tools and industrial machinery participated by
international exhibitors commenced here on Wednesday, is expected to propel the
manufacturing sector of Indonesia .
Roundup: S. Korean shares end higher
Seoul shares continued to rise Wednesday on eased geopolitical risks, local
analysts said.
Urgent: Policeman killed, 6 injured in bomb blast in SW Pakistan
At least one policeman was killed and six others injured on Wednesday as a
police vehicle was attacked by a remote-controlled bomb in southwest Pakistan's
Balochistan province, local media reported.
Int'l organized crime gangs traget Australia for manufacturing
illicit drugs: police
Australian police on Wednesday said international organized crime gangs are
targeting Australia, because the penalties for drug trafficking are less severe
than neighboring countries.
India to testfire BrahMos cruise missile off coast of eastern
state of Orissa
India is likely to testfire the supersonic BrahMos cruise missile off the coast
of the eastern state of Orissa on Thursday, highly placed sources said
Wednesday.
Vietnam earns over 4 bln USD from footwear export in 11 months
Vietnam's export turnover of footwear in the first eleven months of this year
went up 25.3 percent year- on-year to 4.5 billion U.S. dollars, according to the
Vietnam's General Statistics Office on Wednesday.
Singapore's market value slips in November
Singapore's market capitalisation slipped 0.62 percent over November to end at
823 billion Singapore dollars (628 billion U.S. dollars), as concerns over
eurozone debts and fresh tensions in the Korea Peninsula, local media reported
on Wednesday.
Singapore shares end 1.18 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 37.24 points, or 1.18 percent on Wednesday
with the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,181.94 points.
IED explosions decrease 50 percent: Afghan official
The number of Improvised Explosive Device (IED) attacks and roadside bombings in
the militancy-hit Afghanistan have dropped down nearly 50 percent, spokesman of
Afghan Defense Ministry Zahir Azimi said Wednesday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 1
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Wednesday denied recent reports that
Thai military had withdrawn from Preah Vihear Temple's surrounding areas in
preparation for the reopening of the temple's border crossing this coming
weekend.
Feature: Nepal marks World AIDS Day
by Punjita Pradhan
Dollar falls to mid-83 yen range in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar fell to the mid-83 yen level Wednesday in Tokyo.
1st LD Writethru: Policeman killed, 6 injured in bomb blast in SW
Pakistan
At least one policeman was killed and six others were injured on Wednesday as a
police vehicle was attacked by a remote-controlled bomb in southwest Pakistan's
Balochistan province, local media reported.
New Cook Islands PM sworn-in
The leader of the Cook Islands Party, Henry Puna, was  sworn in on Wednesday as
the new Cook Islands prime minister by the Queen's representative, Frederick
Goodwin.
Indonesia urges recipient countries to provide protection for
migrant workers
Indonesia's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday urged recipient countries to provide
protection for its migrant labors working there.
Finance Bill tabled in Indian Parliament
The Appropriation Bill, also called the Finance Bill, and the Judicial
Accountability Bill, was tabled in the Lower House of the Indian Parliament
Wednesday amidst uproar as the Opposition continued its demand for formation of
a Joint Parliament Committee to probe the 2G scam.
India-controlled Kashmir reports 2,649 HIV positive cases
The number of confirmed HIV positive cases in Indian-controlled Kashmir is
2,649, health officials said here on Wednesday.
Indian vigilance commissioner vows to stay despite suspected
corruption
Amidst reports that he may quit due to a telecom corruption case, India's
Central Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) P. J. Thomas Wednesday maintained that he
was still in the post.
Myanmar tightens security measures with internet cafe running
The Myanmar authorities have tightened security measures with business running
of internet cafe in Yangon following the recent timely exposure of four time-
bombs in a public access center in the city's downtown area.
Thai PM to talk to yellow, red-shirt leaders: gov't spokesman
The acting government spokesman Panitan Wattanayagorn said on Wednesday that
Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva is preparing to hold talks with the leaders of
the "yellow-shirts" and the "red-shirts" as the two groups plan to organize
rallies next week.
Urgent: 10 policemen injured in blast in Sri Lanka: media
At least ten policemen were injured in a bomb blast inside a Sri Lankan police
station on Wednesday, local media said .
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 1
The Philippine market bounced back on Wednesday.
Indian stocks close up 1.68 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 328.75 points, or 1.68 percent
Wednesday on continuous manufacturing growth in November.
Gun battle leaves 5 militants dead in E. Afghanistan
Five Taliban militants were killed as security forces raided their hideout in
eastern Khost province, an army officer Raz Mohammad Aryakhil said Wednesday.
Thailand to host Asia Middle East ministerial meeting in December
Thailand will host a meeting of Asian and Middle East ministers in the next two
weeks to discuss cooperation in terrorism, food and energy security, a senior
Thai Foreign Ministry official said on Monday.
Philippine president pledges support to IT outsourcing
Philippine President Benigno Aquino III announced Wednesday the allocation of 62
million pesos (1.4 million U.S. dollars) to a public-private partnership to
further promote the Information and Communications-Business Process Outsourcing
(IT-BPO) industry.
9 killed in road mishap in northern India
At least nine people were killed and three others injured Tuesday night in a
major road mishap in the northern Indian state of Uttaranchal, said police on
Wednesday.
Four persons killed in clash in N. Philippines
Four persons, including two women, died on Wednesday afternoon following a clash
between government forces and New People's Army rebels in the northern
Philippines.
1st LD: 10 police injured in blast in Sri Lanka: media
One individual and at least 10 policemen were injured in a bomb blast inside a
police station in central Sri Lanka on Wednesday, local media said.
2nd LD Writethru: 10 police injured in blast in Sri Lanka
One individual and at least ten policemen were injured in a bomb blast inside a
police station in central Sri Lanka on Wednesday, local media said.
2 killed as factory collapses in India
Two people were killed and one injured when the wall of a leather factory
collapsed in the central Indian city of Bhopal Wednesday, reported the Indo-
Asian News Service.
Malaysian police confirm arrest of man linked to terror group
A 27-year-old man believed to have links with a terrorist group was arrested in
Malaysia, a Malaysian police official said here on Wednesday.
3rd LD Writethru: one killed, 16 wounded in Sri Lanka police
explosion
A grenade detonated by a suspect inside a police station killed himself and
injured 16 policemen, local media said.
Roundup: Nikkei rises on U.S. consumer confidence, Chinese
manufacturing growth
Tokyo stocks rose Wednesday, with the key Nikkei stock index reversing Tuesday's
decline as manufacturing growth in China and improving consumer sentiment in the
U.S. buoyed the market, but gains were capped as the euro fell against the yen
and market players hit the sidelines ahead of further U.S. economic data.
Afghan election body announces last constituency's final result
The Afghan election body - Independent Election Commission (IEC) on Wednesday
announced the final result of the last controversial electoral constituency of
the country's parliamentary elections held on September 18.
Leftist rebels execute policeman in S. Philippines: military
The leftist New People's Army (NPA) rebels have executed a policeman implicated
in the murder of a peasant leader in southern Philippines, the military
confirmed Wednesday.
Malaysia to train experts for aerospace industry
Malaysia will set up an institute next year to train people in the area of
component manufacturing for the aerospace industry.
S. Korean volunteers stage campaigns marking World AIDS Day
Marking the World AIDS Day on Wednesday, a string of campaigns took place in
Seoul to raise HIV/ AIDS awareness and help stop the spread of the deadly
disease.
4th LD Writethru: one killed, 16 wounded in Sri Lanka police
station explosion
A grenade detonated by a suspect inside a police station killed himself and
injured 16 others in central Sri Lanka, a police spokesman said.
Hun Sen meets with Li Yuanchao to enhance Sino-Cambodian ties
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen Wednesday met with Li Yuanchao, head of the
Organization Department of the CPC (Communist Party of China) Central Committee,
aimed to strengthen the cooperation between the two countries as well as the
relations of the political parties of the two countries.
Taliban commander, 4 militants detained in N. Afghanistan
The Afghan police captured five Taliban militants including their commander
during an operation against Taliban fighters in Chardara district of the
northern Kunduz province on Wednesday, provincial police chief Abdul Rahman
Syedkhili said.
Vietnam, China hold agricultural, craft fair
The 2010 Vietnam-China Agricultural and Craft Fair opened in Vietnam's capital
city of Hanoi on Wednesday, drawing more than 200 companies from the two
countries.
Australian defense upgrades delayed for up to 10 years: report
Australian service personnel have to wait up to 10 years for essential new
technology, because of the Defense Department's failure to complete projects on
time, a new report showed on Wednesday.
Singapore youth very much traditional news consumers
Singapore's young people are serious news consumers, according to a regional
survey conducted by Panasonic, local media reported on Wednesday.
Vietnam reports 228,680 people infected with HIV/AIDS
Vietnamese Vice President Nguyen Thi Doan said here Wednesday that Vietnam will
commit more efforts in HIV/AIDS prevention in the next five years.
AIDS claims 37 lives in Bangladesh this year
A total of 37 AIDS patients died this year as the total number of HIV/AIDS cases
rose to 2,088 compared to 1,745 in the previous year in Bangladesh.
India fully committed to Kyoto Protocol: environment minister
India was fully committed to the Kyoto Protocol but there was no agreement
globally on its second commitment post-2012, Indian Environment Minister Jairam
Ramesh said Wednesday.
UN official calls poverty biggest human rights violator
The National Human Rights Chairman Justice K. G. Balakrishnan Wednesday said
here that poverty is the biggest human rights violator and adequate measures
must be taken to abolish it, reported the Press Trust of India.
Cambodian PM appointed as honorary chairman of CAPDI
Cambodian Prime Minister and vice- chairman of the Cambodian People's Party
(CCP) Hun Sen is appointed as the honorary chairman of the Centrist Asia Pacific
Democrats International (CAPDI) on Wednesday by the 1st CAPDI's Executive
Council Meeting.
Pakistan observes AIDS Day appealing not to alienate patients
Pakistan observed the World AIDS Day Wednesday with an appeal not to alienate
and look down upon the infected HIV patients, but help them heal and become a
useful citizen of the society.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 1
Thai acting government spokesman Panitan Wattanayagorn said on Wednesday that
Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva is preparing to hold talks with the leaders of
the " yellow-shirts" and the "red-shirts" as the two groups plan to organize
rallies next week.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.90 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 208.94 points, or 0.90 percent to close Thursday's
morning session at 23, 458.74 points.
East African leaders to hold food security, climate change summit
in Tanzania
Heads of state of the five East African Community (EAC) will hold a summit this
week on food security and climate change here, according to a statement from the
bloc's Secretariat.
DR Congo's HIV/AIDS prevalence hits 3.24 pct
The prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo)
stands at 3.24 percent with the border towns among the worst hit.
East African countries ready to resume talks with EU over trade
deal
The East African Community (EAC) announced late Tuesday that it was ready to
resume negotiations on an Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA) with the European
Commission (EC) and conclude the same within one year.
Zambian mine postpones London Stock Exchange listing
India's mining giant Vedanta Resources has pushed the planned listing of its
Zambian subsidiary on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) to next year due to the
volatility in the stock market, the Times of Zambia reported on Wednesday.
Zambia lifts 2010 economic growth to 7 pct
The Zambian economy would grow by 7 percent this year, which was an increase
from the targeted 6.6 percent earlier this year, the Times of Zambia reported on
Wednesday.
Zambia pledges accelerated efforts to tackle HIV/AIDS
Zambian President Rupiah Banda pledged that his administration would not slacken
in instituting measures that would curb the spread of HIV/AIDS in the southern
African nation, the Times of Zambia reported on Wednesday.
DR Congo, Bharti Airtel sign accord over Celtel-Congo license
dispute
Posts and Telecommunication Minister Simon Bulupiy Galati of the Democratic
Republic of Congo (DR Congo) on Tuesday signed an agreement to resolve a license
dispute with the Indian firm Bharti Airtel Group.
Beneficiaries of Zimbabwe's land reforms leasing to former owners
Beneficiaries of Zimbabwe's land reform program are allegedly leasing their
farms to former white commercial farmers who lost their land to blacks as the
government sought to redress colonial imbalances.
Nigeria urges Cote d'Ivoire on presidential polls
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has urged the two candidates in the Cote
d'Ivoire presidential run- off elections and their supporters to avoid
inflammatory remarks that could instigate violence.
Calm returns to DR Congo's Katanga province after insurgency
Calm has been restored in Luena village in Katanga province of the Democratic
Republic of Congo (DR Congo), 48 hours after the confrontations between armed
insurgents and the country's armed forces, the FARDC.
Gambian leader, new U. S. envoy discuss anti-terrorism
cooperation
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh and the newly appointed U. S. ambassador to the
West African country, Pemela Ann White, on Tuesday discussed anti-terrorism
cooperation in the region, officials said.
Gambian president meets with Guinea-Bissau defense chief on
brotherly ties
Gambian  President Yahya Jammeh met with visiting Guinea-Bissau defense chief
Antonio Njai here on Tuesday to discuss brotherly ties between the two West
African nations.
Kenya's inflation rises to 3.84 pct in November
Kenya's inflation increased for the first time in four months to 3.84 percent in
November from 3.09 percent in the previous month, the country's national
statistics bureau said.
Roundup: UN agencies seek 530 mln USD to address humanitarian
crisis in Somalia
by David Musyoka
Confusion surrounds announcement of Cote d'Ivoire's election
results
Confusion is surrounding the publication of Cote d'Ivoire's presidential run-off
results after Tuesday's incident, in which representatives of the incumbent
President Laurent Gbagbo within the Independent Electoral Commission (CEI)
interrupted the announcement of the results.
South Africa's ANC to consider election timetable change
South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC) is considering significant
changes to the timing of the country's elections,  Party Secretary General Gwede
Mantashe said on Wednesday.
UN envoy says fight against HIV/AIDS "not over"
A senior UN official has said though the world has managed to reduce new HIV
infections and deaths by 20 percent, the battle against the pandemic is  "not
over", called for accelerated efforts.
Somalia observes World AIDS Day with calls not to ostracize
patients
Somalis observed the World AIDS Day Wednesday with a call from people living
with the diseases not to be alienated and ostracized by the society but accepted
as useful members of the community.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire extends curfew to Sunday: statement
Cote d'Ivoire has extended the election curfew to Sunday, the state television
quoted a statement from the government as saying on Wednesday.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire extends curfew to Sunday: statement
Cote d'Ivoire has extended the election curfew to Sunday, the state television
quoted a statement from the government as saying on Wednesday.
4th LD Writethru: Cote d'Ivoire extends curfew to Sunday:
statement
Cote d'Ivoire has extended the election curfew to Sunday, the state television
quoted a statement from the government as saying on Wednesday.
2nd LD: Cote d'Ivoire extends curfew to Sunday: statement
Cote d'Ivoire has extended the election curfew to Sunday, the state television
quoted a statement from the government as saying on Wednesday.
3rd LD Writethru: Cote d'Ivoire extends curfew to Sunday
Cote d'Ivoire has extended the election curfew to Sunday, the state television
quoted a statement from the government as saying on Wednesday.
Ethiopia says to scale up HIV/AIDS prevention, control activities
Ethiopian President Girma Woldegiorgis said on Wednesday that the government
will scale up its interventions with active participation of the public to
curtail the spread of HIV/AIDS.
Manufacturing index rise good news for South Africa
In an encouraging sign for the South African economy, manufacturing activity
rose past the 50 point mark in November to 52.9 for the first time in three
months.
Canada's richest one percent income shares at record high in past
decade
Canada's richest one percent are taking more of the gains from economic growth
than ever before in recorded history, says a report by the Canadian Centre for
Policy Alternatives (CCPA) on Wednesday.
Russian stocks close up
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Wednesday with both key indexes higher.
United States resumes Security Council presidency for December
The United States on Wednesday assumed the rotating UN Security Council
presidency for the month of December.
U.S. panel proposes massive deficit cuts plan
A bipartisan deficit control commission created by U.S. President Barack Obama
released a proposal Wednesday and recommended massive spending cut plan in a bid
to trim U.S. budget deficits by four trillion dollars over the next decade.
Interview: France on path to meet budget targets: OECD General
Secretary
by Sonia Ounissi, Zhang Xin
Social stability, social cohesion, warm care keys for healthy
aging: experts
By Xuefei Chen Axelsson
U.S. stocks rally on jobs, China's manufacture data
U.S. stocks recovered strongly on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrial
average soaring nearly 200 points, as strong jobs report and solid manufacture
growth from China lifted market sentiment.
UN chief calls for strengthened world efforts in global AIDS
fight
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday called for strengthened world
efforts in fighting HIV/AIDS, including ensuring universal access to HIV
prevention, treatment, care and support, after significant progress has been
made over the past three decades.
Canada announces new safety requirements for cribs, cradles and
bassinets
Canadian Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq and Member of Parliament for Saint
Boniface Shelly Glover announced on Wednesday changes to the Hazardous Products
Act (HPA) that will make cribs, cradles and bassinets safer for infants and
young children.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Wednesday with the leading FTSE 100
index up by 114.23 points, or 2.07 percent, at 5,642.50 points.
UN reports weaker global economic recovery in 2011
The recovery of the world economy has started to lose momentum since the middle
of 2010, and all indicators point at weaker global economic growth, a new UN
report said here Wednesday.
Asian countries to shoulder more responsibilities under OSCE
framework: Kazakh Prime Minister
It is of great significance for Kazakhstan to chair the presidency of the
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), which indicated that
Asian countries would shoulder more responsibilities under the framework of OSCE
in future, Kazakh Prime Minister Karim Masimov said Wednesday.
EU approves 4.5-trillion-euro aid for banks since financial
crisis
The European Commission said on Wednesday it had approved national support to
the financial sector totaling 4.5 trillion euros (5.9 trillion U.S. dollars)
since the financial crisis broke out two years ago.
Grim outlook for global economy in 2011: UN report
The recovery from the global economic crisis has been faced with setbacks since
the middle of 2010 and the outlook for growth in 2011 remains grim, stated a new
UN report pre-released here Wednesday.
Cote d'Ivoire should announce provisional election results: UN
chief
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon has noted the "overall satisfactory and
credible manner" in which the latest round of presidential elections in Cote
d'Ivoire have been conducted and urged announcement of the election's results,
UN spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters here Wednesday.
German retail sales climb with solid growth
German retail sales rallied 2.3 percent in October after two-month's decline,
labeled as the fastest monthly jump since January 2008, official date showed
Wednesday.
U.S., S. Korea, Japan to meet on peninsula situation
Foreign ministers of the United States, South Korea and Japan will meet next
Monday in Washington to discuss the recent developments on the Korean Peninsula
and their impact on regional security, the U.S. State Department said on
Wednesday.
6.1-magnitude quake hits Fiji region
An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale jolted Fiji region at 16:01:27
GMT Wednesday, the U. S. Geological Survey said.
Considerable amount of marijuana plants eradicated in San Diego,
U.S.
The U.S. federal and local authorities have waged a fruitful war against illegal
marijuana cultivation in San Diego County, U.S. State of California, in the
first 11 months of this year, seizing a total of 378,243 marijuana plants in the
area, according to a press release available here on Wednesday.
Parliamentary elections campaign kicks off in Kosovo
Political entities kicked off on Wednesday their ten-day campaign for the
December 12 parliamentary elections in Kosovo.
UN envoy hails completion of Afghan election result certification
The UN envoy for Afghanistan has strongly welcomed the Wednesday announcement by
Afghanistan's Independent Election Commission (IEC) of the completion of the
final certification of the results of the Sept. 18 elections for Wolesi Jirga,
or lower house of parliament, UN spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters here.
Urgent: U.S. Fed sees economic recovery slightly stronger
The U.S. central bank saw the economic activity continued to improve, either "at
a slight to modest pace" or "somewhat stronger pace," according to the latest
Federal Reserve survey released on Wednesday.
Urgent: Gold stays firm amid Eurozone turmoil, weaker dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange extended
winning streak to third session on Wednesday, as investors continued to purchase
gold as a hedge against widening Europe debt woes and inflationary pressures in
Asia. A weaker dollar also helped push up the gold prices.
Urgent: U.S. not interested in six-party talks now: spokesman
The United States is not interested in six-party talks right now, U.S. State
Department spokesman Philip Crowley said on Wednesday, calling for Pyongyang to
be a "constructive player" in the region.
Heavy snow catches out Austria
Since the night of November 30, the whole Austria has been hit by heavy snow,
causing traffic chaos and congestion in some areas. So far many traffic
accidents have been caused by snow, and at least two people were killed.
1st LD: U.S. Fed sees economic recovery at modest pace
The U.S. central bank saw the economic activity continued to improve at a
slightly stronger tone, according to the latest Federal Reserve survey released
on Wednesday.
Angelenos in U.S. encouraged to be tested for AIDS
To mark the World AIDS Day, officials and activists of U.S. city of Los Angeles
Wednesday urged the public to be tested for the AIDS virus.
UN mission in DRC launches new effort to achieve security from
armed groups
The UN Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo
(MONUSCO) has launched a new operation against armed groups, UN spokesman Farhan
Haq said here Wednesday.
Millions of shades, blinds recalled in U.S. due to safety hazard
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) on Wednesday announced a
voluntary recall of about 6 million Roman shades and 5 million roll-up blinds
which might pose a strangulation hazard to children.
BP oil spill the top search on Yahoo in 2010
BP oil spill was the topic that users of Yahoo's search engine have been most
interested in for the year of 2010, the Internet company said on Wednesday.
Urgent: Oil surges on strong economic data and weaker dollar
Crude prices rebounded sharply Wednesday on positive economic data and weaker
dollar. Light, sweet crude for January delivery rose 2.64 U.S. dollars to 86.75
U. S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. not interested in six-party talks now:
spokesman
The United States is not interested in six-party talks right now, U.S. State
Department spokesman Philip Crowley said on Wednesday, calling for Pyongyang to
be a "constructive player" in the region.
Gold stays firm as safety bids amid Eurozone turmoil, weaker
dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange extended
winning streak to third session on Wednesday, as investors continued to purchase
gold as a hedge against widening Europe debt woes and inflationary pressures in
Asia. A weaker U.S. dollar also helped push up the gold prices. Silver and
platinum both advanced.
Oil surges on strong economic data, weaker dollar
Crude prices rebounded sharply Wednesday as strong economic data from U.S. and
China and weaker dollar boost the demand.
Albania declares state of emergency amid flooding
Albanian authorities on Wednesday declared a state of emergency as the country's
northwestern region are under threat of heavy flooding.
New York launches new voluntary HIV testing initiative
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced on Wednesday a new initiative to make
HIV testing a routine part of health care in the City's fight against HIV/AIDS.
Interview: Japan's opposition to extending Kyoto Protocol
"unconstructive," says Brazilian climate ambassador
By Ren Haijun, Zhao Yan, Chen Yao
Urgent: Wall Street soars on strong economic data from U.S.,
China
U.S. stocks recovered strongly Wednesday on U.S. strong jobs report and solid
manufacturing growth from China. All the major indexes rose at the closing, Dow
surged 249.76 points, or 2.27 percent.
Greece marks World AIDS Day with street events to raise public
awareness
Greece marked World AIDS Day on Wednesday with a series of street events across
the country in the framework of a campaign to raise public awareness, as HIV
positive cases are on the rise the past decade, according to data from state
officials.
U.S. stocks soar on strong economic data, strengthening euro
U.S. stocks recovered strongly Wednesday on strong economic data from U.S.,
China and strengthening euro.
U.S. says there is still time for diplomacy with Iran on nuclear
program
U.S. Undersecretary of State William Burns said on Wednesday that there is still
time for diplomacy with Iran over its nuclear program.
Diets rich in Omega-3 help reduce eye disease risk
Seniors who often eat diets rich in Omega-3 are less likely to develop a serious
eye disease known as age-related macular degeneration (AMD), U.S. researchers
have found.
Third collapse in Pompeii, gov't looks to foundation for
preserving the site
The archaeological site of Pompeii is literally crumbling to pieces as two other
ancient walls collapsed on Wednesday forcing the government to take urgent
decisions.
1st LD-Writethru: Dollar mixed as ECB may intervene
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Wednesday as the euro rebounded on speculation that the European Central Bank
might take action to curb its recent losing streak.
Eurostar announces delay, cancellation due to bad weather
The European high-speed rail service supplier Eurostar announced delays and
cancellations on Wednesday and predicted worse traffic on Thursday due to the
blizzard that has swept Europe.
2nd LD Writethru: U.S. Fed sees economic recovery slightly
stronger
The U.S. central bank saw the economic activity continued to improve at a
slightly stronger tone, according to the latest Federal Reserve survey released
on Wednesday.
Cisco intends to buy network software company
Cisco Systems Inc. on Wednesday announced that it is planning to buy privately
held LineSider Technologies Inc., a provider of network management software.
Addressing poverty single best way to adapt to climate change:
report
Addressing poverty today is the single best way to help poor people in
developing countries achieve food security and adapt to climate change,
according to a new report issued Wednesday by researchers at the International
Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI).
Italian gov't launches special scholarships for victims of
organized crime
The Italian government on Wednesday launched special scholarships aimed at
students who are children of victims of Mafia and other forms of organized
crime.
Anti-terror fight should be conducted within laws: UN expert
The global anti-terrorism fight should be conducted according to the rule of law
while taking into account the human rights, a UN expert told reporters here
Wednesday.
Albania to donate weapons to Afghanistan
Albania's government will give 30, 000 Kalashnikov automatic weapons and 50
million bullets to Afghanistan for its national police in an effort to
contribute in the fight against terror, the authorities said on Wednesday.
U.S. drawdown in Iraq affecting UN ability to carry out
operations, Ban says
The ongoing U.S. military drawdown in Iraq is making it more difficult for the
United Nations to carry out its operations, which range from the humanitarian to
the development to the political fields, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said
in his latest report issued here Wednesday.
Roundup: Dow gains most in 3 months on strong economic data
U.S. stocks rallied on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrial average
achieving biggest gains in three months, as strong U.S. jobs report and solid
manufacture growth from both China and Europe boosted market sentiment.
Chicago grain prices hike as dollar tumbles
Chicago grain futures hiked Wednesday as U.S. dollar dropped, increasing the
appeal of U.S. agricultural export in the overseas markets. Wheat jumped the
most in seven weeks on speculations that the excessive rain in eastern Australia
may pose a threat to crop quality and delay harvest in the world's fourth-
largest wheat exporter.
Obama's advisory commission expresses support for DREAM Act
An advisory commission of U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday expressed
support for a measure to give tens of thousands of young illegal immigrants a
path to legal status.
Roundup: UN marks 63rd anniversary of partition of Palestine
by William M. Reilly
Canadian stocks rise to post-recession high
Canadian stocks rose to a 26-month high on Wednesday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite
Index closed up 141.92 points, or 1.10 percent, at 13,094.80. The Canadian
benchmark equity index reached its all-time high of 14,666.07 since May 2008.
Drought causes severe crop losses in U.S. state of Louisiana
Continued drought has caused severe crop losses in most of the state of
Louisiana, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Wednesday.
Milan labeled AIDS capital of Italy
In Italian city of Milan at least 15,000 people are HIV-positive, the municipal
department of health said in a statement as the world braced for the World AIDS
Day on Wednesday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 2
Political entities kicked off on Wednesday their ten- day campaign for the
December 12 parliamentary elections in Kosovo.
IDB to give Bolivia 60 million dollars credit for electricity
service
The Bolivian government said on Wednesday that the Inter American Development
Bank (IDB) will give it a credit of up to 60 million U.S. dollars to fund
electricity programs.
Ailing Mexican airline to resume flights in two weeks: minister
The bankrupt airline Compania Mexicana de Aviacion may restart flying in the
second half of December, Mexico's Labor Minister Javier Alarcon said on
Wednesday.
Venezuelan president meets families homeless due to rains
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Wednesday met with 26 families who lost
everything due to the rains, in an emergency shelter in the presidential palace.
Brazil's trade surplus down 35 percent in first 11 months of 2010
Brazil posted a trade surplus of 14.9 billion U.S. dollars in the first 11
months of 2010, down 35.4 percent from the same period last year, the
Development, Trade and Industry Ministry announced on Wednesday.
Calderon claims to be toughest Mexican president on drugs
Mexican President Felipe Calderon said Wednesday that his administration fought
drug traffickers more forcefully than any other predecessor.
Massive debates launched in Cuba on economic reforms
Cuba began on Wednesday massive national debates on the economic reforms
undertaken by the government of Cuban Leader Raul Castro.
Cuban Cigar Corporation wins lawsuit against Spanish company
The Cuban Habanos Corporation SA won a lawsuit filed in the Supreme Court of
Spain against the Spanish brand of cigars "Cuban Heritage" based in the Canary
Islands, an official release said here on Wednesday.
Brazilian president expects little progress at COP16
There will be "no progress" toward a global agreement to combat climate change
at the 16th United Nations Conference on Climate Change (COP16), Brazilian
President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Wednesday.
Infant mortality in Brazil down 67.5 pct in past 30 years
Brazil's infant mortality rate dropped 67.5 percent in the past three decades,
the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE) announced Wednesday.
Reese Witherspoon marked by star on Walk of Fame
Actress Reese Witherspoon was honored Wednesday by a dedication of star on the
pavement of the landmark Walk of Fame in Hollywood, California, in the run-up to
the release of her latest romantic comedy "How Do You Know."
Cuban Jewish community denies links with jailed U.S. contractor
Leaders of Jewish groups in Cuba denied on Wednesday they have any contact with
jailed U.S. contractor Alan Gross, who was arrested a year ago over charges of
spying.
Guatemala has 0.8 pct HIV infection rate
Guatemala's HIV infection rate is 0.8 percent of the population, and the country
has seen 10,900 new HIV infections in the last four years, a senior Health
Ministry official said Wednesday.
News Analysis: EU launches new diplomatic service to broaden
influence
The European Union (EU) announced Wednesday the official launch of its new
diplomatic service, placed under the authority of the bloc's foreign policy
chief Catherine Ashton.
Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon drops to decade low
Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon rainforest region totaled 6,451 square km
between August 2009 and July 2010, the lowest level since 1988, official figures
showed Wednesday.
Fidel Castro urges int'l community to fight cholera epidemic in
Haiti
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro said here Wednesday that Haiti's cholera
epidemic could spread further across its border and called on the international
community to work together to fight the disease.
U.S. expresses regrets over Wikileaks revelations: Chilean FM
Chilean Foreign Minister Alfredo Moreno said on Wednesday a senior U.S. official
called him to express regret over the disclosure of U.S. documents by Wikileaks.
AMU agrees to start establishment of free circulation area
The secretary general of the Arab Maghreb Union (AMU) Habib Ben Yahia said here
Wednesday that the AMU would establish a free circulation area after a long
delay.
NASA's Cassini spacecraft sends back images of bright jets at
Enceladus
NASA's Cassini spacecraft has sent back shadowy images of brilliant jets at
Saturn's moon Enceladus after a recent flyby mission, the Jet Propulsion
Loboratory (JPL) said on its website on Wednesday.
Feature: Chinese newcomers find positive attitude key to Canadian
success
by Al Campbell
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 2
The flourishing service sector is on course to emerge as next year's star
performer here, but the stalwart manufacturing sector will continue to hold its
own, said economists polled by local daily The Straits Times.
Roundup: Japan under fire for "unconstructive" stance on Kyoto
Protocol
by Ren Haijun, Liu Jian, Liu Lili
China's domestic demand to be engine of world economy in 5-10
years: economist
China has been trying to generate more demand from itself, which is likely to
become the engine of world economy in 5-10 years, an economist with the
University of Chicago said Tuesday.
France, Cuba resume cooperation ties
The governments of France and Cuba have resumed formal cooperation, according to
an official statement signed Tuesday by the two countries.
Latin America suffers education inequality: U.N.
A United Nations report released Tuesday says education systems in Latin America
must be reformed to guarantee equality of education opportunity for the whole
population.
Roundup: World countries fight to reduce HIV/AIDS stigma,
discrimination
Countries around the world have made unswerving efforts to fight HIV/AIDS-
related stigma and discrimination, both of which jeopardize attempts to fight
the deadly epidemic.
Backgrounder: Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
The seventh summit of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
(OSCE) -- and the first held in a Central Asian country -- opened here Wednesday
morning.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800GMT, Dec. 1
Egypt's ruling National Democratic Party (NDP) won most of the seats in Sunday's
first round of the People's Assembly elections, the High Elections Commission
(HEC) said Tuesday night.
Commentary: For climate talks, a thousand-mile journey starts
with one step
by Xinhua writers Ren Haijun, Liu Lili
German stocks open higher
German stocks opened higher Wednesday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Georgia marks World AIDS Day with walk, concert
An awareness walk and a special concert were held on Wednesday in downtown
Tbilisi to mark the World AIDS Day.
London stock market rises in early trading
The London stock market rose in opening on Wednesday, with mining and financial
sector stocks leading the way.
Interview: China's SCO development bank idea meets needs of
Central Asian nations:  expert
by Zheng Haoning, Igor Serebryany
Sarkozy to run for next presidency: media
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has indicated for the first time he will seek
another term in the Elysee Palace, according to local media Wednesday.
Airbus to deliver new engines for A320 in 2016
French aircraft maker Airbus announced Tuesday it would deliver new fuel-saving
engines for the A320 fleet in 2016, aiming for bigger market share and being
more environment-friendly.
New veterinary medicines developed in DPRK
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) recently developed two
veterinary medicines, the official news agency KCNA reported Wednesday.
DPRK's national library holds graduation ceremony of Chinese
class
The People's Hall of Study, the national library of the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea (DPRK), on Wednesday held a graduation ceremony for its
Chinese class.
Former ETA leader sentenced to seven years in prison
A former leader of the separatist group ETA was convicted and sentenced to seven
years in prison on Wednesday for criminal association with terrorists.
London stock market up by midday
The London stock market was higher by midday on Wednesday with the leading FTSE
100 index up by 86.80 points, or 1.57 percent, at 5,615.19 points at noon.
Roundup: Pressure builds on U.S. to contribute at Cancun
by Liu Lili, Wang Yujue
Kim Jong Il inspects factories
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK),
recently inspected factories in South Hamgyong district and the Hamhung
University of Hydraulic Engineering, the official news agency KCNA reported
Wednesday.
Spain announces package of measures to reduce debt
Prime Minister Jose Luis Zapatero announced Wednesday a package of measures to
ease market worries about Spain's debt.
Russia, EU to sign WTO accession document on Dec. 7
Russia and the European Union were expected to sign a document Dec. 7 concerning
Russia's accession to the World Trade Organization, Deputy Prime Minister
Alexander Zhukov said Wednesday.
Russia's coal output to rise 7 percent in 2010
Russia's coal output was expected to reach 320-322 million tons in 2010, up 7
percent compared with last year, Energy Minister Sergei Shmatko said Wednesday.
Current account worsens slightly in Sweden
Sweden' s balance of international payments showed a slightly worsened current
account in the third quarter of 2010 due to a drop in trade surplus, Statistics
Sweden said Wednesday.
EU continues to relax rules on state aid amid debt crisis
The European Commission said on Wednesday it would continue to relax rules on
state aid so as to support struggling banks and companies during the debt
crisis.
Russian police detain aide to Federation Council on fraud charges
Police have detained an aide to a Federation Council member on suspicion of
selling positions as aides and advisers in the upper and lower houses of
parliament, the Interior Ministry announced Wednesday.
Russia, U.S. to conduct joint space projects
Russia's space agency Roscosmos and NASA were expected to soon sign a protocol
on joint projects in manned and unmanned space travel, Roscosmos said Wednesday.
DPRK accuses U.S. of double standard on nuclear issues
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Wednesday accused the United
States of adopting a double standard policy on nuclear issues and proliferation.
Portugal registers 11 percent unemployment in October
Portugal's unemployment in October was 11 percent, a 0.8 percent increase year
on year, Eurostat said Tuesday.
U.S. productivity revised up to 2.3 percent in third quarter
U.S. nonfarm business sector labor productivity increased at a 2.3 percent
annual rate during the third quarter of 2010, a pace higher than originally
thought, the U.S. Labor Department reported Wednesday.
Ukraine, Belarus agree to intensify talks on cooperation
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and his Belarusian counterpart Alexander
Lukashenka have agreed to intensify talks for productive cooperation, local
media reported Wednesday.
Belarus to give up enriched uranium stockpile
Belarus has decided to relinquish its stockpile of highly enriched uranium,
Foreign Minister Sergei Martynov said Wednesday.
Portugal expects to create over 40,000 jobs through 2018 World
Cup
Portuguese authorities said Tuesday that if the country wins the bid for the
2018 FIFA World Cup, it will generate more than 40,000 jobs.
Spanish police detain members of suspected terrorist cell
Spanish police officers on Wednesday arrested seven people during an operation
against suspected terrorists in Barcelona.
U.S. stocks lifted by China's manufacturing data
U.S. stocks recovered strongly in early trading Wednesday, with the Dow Jones
industrial average soaring more than 200 points as strong manufacture data from
China lifted market sentiment.
Russia completes delivery of guaranteed nuclear fuel reserves
Russia delivered all guaranteed reserves of nuclear fuel to the International
Uranium Enrichment Center in Angarsk under the auspices of the International
Atomic Energy Agency, the state-owned nuclear power corporation Rosatom said
Wednesday.
U.S. construction spending up 0.7 percent in October
U.S. construction spending rose for the second consecutive month in October,
mainly boosted by residential activity and government construction projects, the
Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
Interview: France has interest to understand China: former French
premier
France has an interest to understand China as the Asian country plays an
increasingly important role in the world and Sino-French ties are being
strengthened, former French Premier Jean-Pierre Raffarin said Wednesday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec.1
Belarus has decided to relinquish its stockpile of highly enriched uranium,
Foreign Minister Sergei Martynov said Wednesday.  (Kazakhstan-OSCE-Belarus)
Kazakhstan hosts OSCE summit to better handle security challenges
The seventh summit of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
opened here Wednesday to seek more effective collective ways to deal with
various security challenges.
EU reviews VAT rules to boost revenue amid crisis
The European Commission launched a public consultation on Wednesday to reform
the European Union's value added tax system as governments struggled with
dwindling revenues amid the debt crisis.
U.S. manufacturing sector grows for 16th straight month in
November
The U.S. manufacturing sector grew for the 16th consecutive month in November,
indicating the economic recovery continues, a leading industry survey reported
Wednesday.
News Analysis: Will U.S. military see budget cuts?
by Matthew Rusling
Youngsters get South African rugby call-ups
South African rugby selectors on Wednesday named several young players in the
Springbok team to play against the international Barbarians in London on
Saturday.
S. African Chiefs' star Zimbabwean footballer modest ahead of
final
Knowledge Musona, the Zimbabwean super-striker for South African Premier Soccer
League (PSL) side Kaizer Chiefs on Wednesday sought to downplay his role in the
team's fortunes.
Court says South Africa's iconic stadium to keep name
South Africa's most famous sporting venue, known as Soccer City during the 2010
FIFA World Cup, will keep the name FNB stadium, South Africa's Supreme Court of
Appeal (SCA) ruled on Wednesday.
Indonesian junior wushu athletes to compete in world championship
As many as 19 Indonesia's junior wushu athletes will test their skill in the 3rd
World Junior Wushu Championship on Dec. 3-10 in Singapore, Kompas daily quoted
an official as saying on Wednesday.
U.S.promise profit as Qatar stresses legacy in World Cup bid
presentations
The United States on Wednesday promised FIFA the opportunity of securing much
higher revenue, while Qatar stressed that they could assure a worldwide legacy
in the 2022 World Cup bid presentations.
Indonesia to host world pencak silat championship
The Executive Board of Indonesia Pencak Silat Association will host the world
championship on Dec. 12-17, Kompas daily quoted an official as saying on
Wednesday.
Maldonado becomes 2nd Venezuelan with F1 contract
Race car pilot Pastor Maldonado became on Wednesday the second Venezuelan pilot
in history to sign a contract to participate in Formula 1, the highest level in
world racing.
Iberian bid foresees 3.3 billion Euros profit
The Iberian bid for the 2018 FIFA World Cup foresees a 3.3 billion Euros profit,
not counting the 400 million Euros that FIFA usually invests in all
championships.
Bad day for Spanish sides in Europa League
Atletico Madrid were beaten at home to Greek team Aris Salonica, while Getafe
could only draw away to Danish outfit Odense on a bad day for Spanish teams in
the Europa League on Wednesday.
Neymar retracts vacations to keep playing
The 18-year-old star striker for Santos FC, Neymar decided on Wednesday that he
will no longer take an early vacation.
Corinthians look to Argentina for reinforcements
The Corinthians soccer team revealed their interest in three Argentinean players
on Wednesday.
Higuain injury worry for Real Madrid
Real Madrid faces being without striker Gonzalo Higuain until well into the New
Year if rumors circulating in the Spanish press are correct.
After Elano, Santos FC wants Lucas to lock down the midfield
One day after announcing the return of Elano, the Santos soccer team expressed
their interest in midfielder Lucas on Wednesday.
Atletico Madrid coach Quique Sanchez Flores receives two game ban
Atletico Madrid coach Quique Sanchez Flores has received a 2-game touchline ban
from the Spanish FA (RFEF) as a result of his behavior during his side' s 3-2
home defeat to Espanyol at the weekend.
Europa League collated results
Following are the collated results from the penultimate round of group games in
the Europa League on Wednesday:
Classico hangover continues for Real Madrid
Although Barcelona midfielder Xavi this Tuesday preferred not to speak about his
side' s 5-0 win over Real Madrid in order  'not to rub salt into the wound' ,
Real Madrid appear still to be suffering a hangover as a result of the 5-0
drubbing they received at the hands of FC Barcelona in the Camp Nou Stadium.
Russia stages two-day soccer match for World Cup bid
A soccer game lasting for 2,013 minutes kicked off in Russia's Volga city of
Kazan on Monday, as an effort to support Moscow's bid for hosting the World Cup
in 2018.
Zimbabwe win against Bangladesh in first ODI
Zimbabwe beat Bangladesh in the first one-day international cricket at
Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium here in capital Dhaka Wednesday by 9 runs.
Clijsters named WTA Player of the Year
Kim Clijsters of Belgium, who won five titles in 2010 including her second US
Open crown in a row, was named the WTA Player of the Year, the tour said in
Florida on Wednesday.
West Indian Bravo shines on another rain hit day
The West Indies cricket team finished the first day of the third and final Test
against Sri Lanka in the central town of Kandy's Pallekele stadium at two down
for 134.
Australia makes final pitch for 2022 World Cup bid
Australia has sold itself as a "safe pair of hands" during its official bid
presentation to host the 2022 World Cup, local media reported on Thursday.
Australian Football Federation dismisses unfavorable World Cup
bid report
Australia's 2022 World Cup bid team on Wednesday played down the significance of
a FIFA study, which ranks the country last overall in projected revenues for the
tournament.
Goias grabs 2-0 win over Independiente in finals of South
American Cup
At home in the Serra Dourada stadium, Goias beat Argentina's Independiente 2-0
on Wednesday in the first leg of the finals of the 2010 South American Cup.
Court says South Africa' s iconic stadium to keep name
South Africa' s most famous sporting venue, known as Soccer City during the 2010
FIFA World Cup, will keep the name FNB stadium, South Africa' s Supreme Court of
Appeal (SCA) ruled on Wednesday.
Portugal expects to create more than 40,000 jobs with the 2018
World Cup
Amidst the worst economic crisis the country has faced since the 1930s,
Portuguese authorities hope that the Iberian bid for the 2018 FIFA World Cup
will revive the economic activity.
After Elano, Santos FC wants Lucas to lock down the midfield
One day after announcing the return of Elano, the Santos soccer team expressed
their interest in midfielder Lucas on Wednesday.
FIFA warns Zambian government
World soccer governing body has warned the Zambian government against supporting
a parallel executive put in place to run the affairs of the country' s football
as the wrangles in the management of the number sport in the country deepens.
Putin to miss Russia's bid for 2018 World Cup
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday he would not present
Russia's bid to host the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Zurich.
Cristiano Ronaldo struggling with ankle trouble
Real Madrid striker Cristiano Ronaldo this Wednesday missed his side' s first
training session following their 5-0 drubbing in the Camp Nou stadium on Monday
night.
Corinthians look to Argentina for reinforcements
The Corinthians soccer team revealed their interest in three Argentinean players
on Wednesday.
Neymar retracts vacations to keep playing
The 18-year-old star striker for Santos FC, Neymar decided on Wednesday that he
will no longer take an early vacation.
China's campaign to solve lawsuit-related public petitions pays
off
China's efforts to deal with lawsuit- related public petitions have seen
positive results with 616 such cases being resolved as of the end of October,
figures from the Ministry of Justice show.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 1
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 1:
China ranks 4th in the world in scientific R&amp;D spending: NBS
China's scientific research and development (R&amp;D) spending was 580.21
billion yuan (87.25 billion U.S. dollars) in 2009, fourth in the world after the
United States, Japan and Germany, officials at the National Bureau of Statistics
(NBS) of China told Xinhua Wednesday.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong rose 15 HK dollars to open at 12,870 HK dollars per
tael on Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Chinese shares open higher Thursday
Chinese shares opened higher Thursday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index opening 1.31 percent up at 2,860.46.
China's yuan advances to 6.6691 per USD Thursday
The value of yuan gained as the central parity rate of renminbi, or China's
currency yuan, was set at 6.6691 per U.S. dollar Thursday, compared with
Wednesday's 6.6786, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange
Trading System.
ChiNext Index opens higher Thursday
ChiNext stocks added 9.92 points to open at 1,187.1 points on Thursday.
China stock index futures open higher Thursday
China's stock index futures opened higher Thursday. The contract for settlement
in November, the most actively traded, opened 33.2 points higher at 3,185.
Chemical plant blast in north China kills three, injures one
Three people were killed and one injured in a chemical plant blast early
Thursday morning in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, local safety
authorities said.
China Economic News in Brief: Tibet foreign trade; Guangdong
X'mas exports; Jiangsu  textile exports
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
Hong Kong stocks open 1.31 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks moved up 304.95 points, or 1.31 percent to open at 23,554.75 on
Thursday.
Chinese shares advance on midday after Wall Street surge
Chinese equities climbed higher on midday Thursday, following the strong gains
on the Wall Street overnight.
Urgent: 6.7-magnitude quake hits New Britain region, Papua New
Guinea
An earthquake measuring 6.7 on the Richter scale jolted New Britain region,
Papua New Guinea at 11:12 a.m., Beijing Time, Thursday, said the China
Earthquake Networks Center.
RECAST: Urgent: 6.7-magnitude quake hits New Britain region,
Papua New Guinea
Eds: Corrects dateline
China says to boost relations with Vietnam
China on Tuesday said it is ready to further develop its relations with Vietnam,
strengthening friendship between the peoples of the two countries.
China Focus: Lost shoe triggered Xinjiang primary school
stampede, principal
by Xinhua writers Pan Ying, Yang Dingdu
A snapshot of China's stock market over its 20 years
China's stock market celebrated its 20th anniversary as the nation's two stock
exchanges in Shanghai and Shenzhen opened for trading Wednesday.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.38 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks fell 86.50 points, or 0.38 percent, to close Wednesday's
morning session at 22,921.49 points.
Xinhua Insight: China no less attractive for foreign investors,
though offering fewer  incentives
Foreign companies in China have to face a new reality -- fewer tax incentives.
Despite higher costs, many investors have recently said they could not afford to
lose a lucrative market like China.
Urgent: China urges preventing escalation of tension on Korean
Peninsula
China said Wednesday that the most pressing task now is to prevent escalation of
the tension on the Korean Peninsula and nothing should be done to "inflame the
situation".
1st LD: China says nothing should be done to "inflame" Korean
Peninsula situation
China said Wednesday that the most pressing task now is to prevent any
escalation of the tension on the Korean Peninsula and nothing should be done to
"inflame the situation".
China hits five-year plan target for emissions reduction:
official
China's chief negotiator to the UN climate change talks in Cancun has said that
since 2006 the country has emitted 10 percent less pollution than the previous
five years.
Shanghai stock indices close mixed -- Dec. 1
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,823.45 Wednesday, up 3.27 points, or 0.12 percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices close mixed -- Dec. 1
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ended at 12,310.38
points on Wednesday, down 25.9 points, or 0.21 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec. 1
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,136.02 points Wednesday, down 0.96 points, or 0.03
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 1
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1,
dropped 4.33 points, or 0.37 percent, to close at 1,177.18 on Wednesday.
China stock index futures close mixed -- Dec. 1
China's stock index futures closed mixed Wednesday with the contract for
December, the most actively traded, down 0.01 percent from the previous trading
day to end at 3,145.6 points.
Taiwan stocks close 1.76 pct higher
Taiwan's share prices closed much higher Wednesday with the weighted index
gaining 147.63 points, or 1.76 percent, to close at the day's high of 8,520.11,
according to news reaching here from Taipei.
2nd LD: China says nothing should be done to "inflame" Korean
Peninsula situation
China said Wednesday that the most pressing task now is to prevent any
escalation of the tension on the Korean Peninsula and nothing should be done to
"inflame the situation".
Urgent: China-U.S.ties should be cooperative, not zero-sum:
Chinese FM
China on Wednesday said its relations with the United States in the Asia and
Pacific region should be cooperative and win-win, instead of the zero-sum game.
Hong Kong stocks close 1.05 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 241.81 points, or 1.05 percent, at 23,249.80 on
Wednesday.
China to give 350 mln yuan in subsidies to rural poor to offset
rising prices
China will give 350 million yuan (52.4 million U.S. dollars) in subsidies to
poor people in central and western China affected by rising prices, the Ministry
of Finance (MOF) said Wednesday.
Top Chinese political advisor calls for greater efforts to
alleviate poverty
Top Chinese political advisor Jia Qinglin Wednesday called for enhanced
efficiency in alleviating poverty through development-oriented assistance.
1st LD-Writethru: Chinese stocks close mixed; non-ferrous metal
miners gain
Chinese stocks closed mixed Wednesday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index closing up 0.12 percent, or 3.27 points, at 2,823.45.
China calls for dialogue, negotiation to solve Iran nuclear issue
China Wednesday renewed its call for dialogue and negotiation to solve the
Iranian nuclear issue as the European Union and Iran prepare for talks.
China says territorial disputes should be resolved between
parties directly involved
China said Wednesday that territorial and maritime disputes between states
should be peacefully resolved between the parties directly involved through
bilateral negotiations.
Chinese president receives credentials from foreign envoys
Chinese President Hu Jintao received credentials from the ambassadors of seven
countries to Beijing Wednesday.
China gold output up 8.83 pct on-year to 277.02 tonnes in first
10 months
China's gold output rose 8.83 percent year on year to 277.02 tonnes in the first
ten months of the year, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
(MIIT) said Wednesday.
3rd LD: China says nothing should be done to "inflame" Korean
Peninsula situation
China said Wednesday the most pressing task regarding tensions on the Korean
Peninsula is to prevent any escalation and to avoid any actions that would
"inflame the situation".
Gas output at China's 2nd largest oilfield to hit 20 bln cu.m in
2010
Natural gas output at PetroChina's Changqing oilfield will rise 5.5 percent year
on year to 20 billion cubic meters in 2010, a senior company official said
Wednesday.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks end 1.05 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up on Wednesday, with the weighted index rising 241.81
points or 1.05 percent, to end at 23,249.80.
China Exclusive: Police microblog helps catch murderers in south
China
by Xinhua Writer Yang Dingdu
Number of China graduate school admission exam takers increases
amid tough job market
China's Ministry of Education said Wednesday 1.5 million college students will
sit this year's graduate school entrance exam, a 7 percent increase over last
year.
China's economic, social development blueprint a chance for
world: Chinese FM
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said Wednesday China's economic and social
development blueprint for the next five years will bring opportunities for the
world.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec.1
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 1:
Funeral held in Beijing for former Chinese Vice Premier Huang Hua
The funeral for former Chinese Vice Premier Huang Hua was held in Beijing
Wednesday.
1st Ld: Heavy fog shrouds large parts of China, delaying flights
Heavy fog shrouded large parts of central and eastern China Wednesday, delaying
flights and stranding nearly one thousand passengers.
China prosecutes 4,328 people for violating IPR
Chinese prosecutors indicted 4,328 people in 2,144 cases of intellectual
property rights (IPR) violation and the production and sale of counterfeit or
shoddy goods in the first 10 months of 2010, the Supreme People's Procuratorate
(SPP) said Wednesday.
Chinese Premier stresses AIDS control in less developed regions
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has visited AIDS patients in a poverty-stricken area
in southwest China and urged a better incorporation of AIDS control work with
economic development in less developed areas.
1st LD-Writethru: Top Chinese political advisor calls for greater
efforts to alleviate  poverty
Top Chinese political advisor Jia Qinglin Wednesday called for enhanced
efficiency in alleviating poverty through development-oriented assistance.
China reiterates order on coal companies to stabilize prices
China's top economic planning agency repeated its order on Wednesday for coal
companies to keep coal prices stable, one week after it made the same call as
part of the government's efforts to check inflation.
China to issue 32.14 bln yuan book-entry T-bonds
China's Ministry of Finance said Wednesday it would sell 32.14 billion yuan (4.8
billion U.S. dollars) of five-year book-entry treasury bonds beginning on
Thursday.
1st LD-Writethru: China's economic, social development blueprint
a chance for world:  Chinese FM
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said Wednesday China's economic and social
development blueprint for the next five years will bring opportunities for the
world.
9 jailed for deadly 2009 blast in east China
A Chinese court sentenced nine to prison Tuesday in connection to a June 2009
explosion at a factory in east China's Anhui Province that killed 17 people and
injured 30 others, local authorities said Wednesday.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index up 1.03 pct -- Dec. 1
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange rose
132.26 points, or 1.03 percent, to close Wednesday's trading at 12,949.85.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Heavy fog shrouds large parts of China,
delaying flights, ships
Heavy fog shrouded large parts of central and eastern China Wednesday, delaying
flights and stranding thousands of passengers.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong -- Dec. 1
The gold price in Hong Kong closed up 182 HK dollars at 12,908 HK dollars per
tael on Wednesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Xinhua Insight: China's HIV carriers lead postive lives
By Xinhua Writer Qiu Lin
1st LD-Writethru: China-U.S.ties should be cooperative, not zero-
sum game: Chinese  FM
China Wednesday said its relations with the United States in the Asia-Pacific
region should be cooperative and win-win but not a zero-sum game.
China-made satellite keeps remote areas in Venezuela connected
A China-made-and-launched communications satellite has for two years helped
develop education and communications in Venezuela, especially in this South
American nation's remote regions.
Chinese vice premier meets British PM's trade adviser
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan met Wednesday with British Prime Minister David
Cameron's trade adviser, Leon Brittan, and pledged to jointly push forward the
Doha Round of trade talks.
Wild elephants electrocuted in SW China
Two wild Asian elephants were electrocuted after accidentally touching a high-
voltage wire Monday on a highway in southwest China's Yunnan Province, the local
government said Wednesday.
4th-LD-Writethru China Focus: China says nothing should be done
to "inflame" Korean  Peninsula situation
China said Wednesday the most pressing task regarding tensions on the Korean
Peninsula is to prevent any escalation and avoid any actions that would "inflame
the situation."
China's farm produce prices fall week on week
China's prices for farm produce and producer goods fell week on week, the
Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Wednesday.
Macao's Nov. gaming revenues drop 8 pct from Oct.
The total revenues of Macao's gaming sector for November 2010 amounted to 17.35
billion patacas (2.17 billion U.S. dollars), going down by eight percent over
the previous month, according to figures released Wednesday by the city's Gaming
Inspection and Coordination Bureau.
China Unicom bundles iPhone with SIM card to curb speculative
reselling
China Unicom, the country's second largest mobile carrier and official partner
of iPhone in China, began Wednesday a new sales contract which bundles iPhone
with its SIM card to curb speculative reselling, according to a statement on its
website.
Chinese court upholds death sentences for coal mine bosses
responsible for deadly  2009 blast
A Chinese court Wednesday upheld the death sentences with two year reprieves
given to two mine bosses found responsible for a gas explosion that killed 76
people at a central China coal mine last year.
Living standards of disabled people in China improved: report
Living standards of disabled people in China have improved over the past year,
according to a report released Wednesday by the China Disabled Persons'
Federation .
China Focus: China's private refineries blame diesel shortage on
oil giants monopoly
China's privately owned oil refineries have accused oil giants in the country of
holding back supplies and fueling the diesel shortage that has plagued the
country since late September.
World AIDS Day Snapshots: AIDS screening; awareness campaigns;
persistent prejudice
China had more than 370,000 registered AIDS patients and HIV-carriers at the end
of October, according to the Ministry of Health.
85 electric vehicles registered in HK for road use
Eighty-five electric vehicles have been registered for road use in Hong Kong by
mid-November, and the figure will swell as more are developed, said HK's
Secretary for the Environment  Wednesday.
China, France pledge to promote healthy, stable ties
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang said Wednesday China and France should together
promote the healthy and stable development of bilateral ties.
China approves penalties on people responsible for year-old coal
mine blast
The State Council, China's cabinet, has approved imposing harsh criminal and
disciplinary penalties on 40 people held responsible for a year-old deadly coal
mine blast that killed 108 people in Hegang, Heilongjiang Province, in
northeastern China.
Hope fades for trapped miners in central China
Experts and rescuers said Wednesday there was little hope of finding seven
miners trapped underground alive after a coal mine was flooded nearly one day
earlier in Hunan Province.
China Exclusive: A doctor's fight against AIDS in China's remote
village
Yin Zuluan's family thought she was quite stubborn as she refused to consider
their repeated suggestions to quit her job as a doctor in a remote village in
southwest China's Yunnan Province.
China, DPRK pledge to cement legislative ties
China and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) Wednesday pledged to
cement legislative ties.
China Exclusive: Chinese people living with HIV call for equal
job opportunities
by Xinhua writer Tian Ying
1st Ld-Writethru: Chinese Premier stresses AIDS control in less
developed regions
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has visited AIDS patients in a poverty-stricken area
in southwest China and urged the better combination of AIDS control work with
economic development in less developed areas.
Iraq's monthly death toll down in November
The death toll from violence in November declined to its lowest level in a year,
as rival Iraqi political blocs reached power-sharing agreement that ended
political deadlock after eight months of parliamentary polls, Iraqi authorities
said on Wednesday.
Israel says it killed two gunmen on Gaza borders
The Israeli army said it shot and killed two Palestinians who tried to
infiltrate Israel from the Gaza Strip, Radio Israel reported on Thursday.
Urgent: Donors, investors pledge over 3 bln USD for East Sudan
Countries and organizations at a two-day international donors and investors
conference for East Sudan have pledged more than 3 billion U.S. dollars for the
region 's development.
1st LD: Donors, investors pledge over 3 bln USD for East Sudan
Countries and organizations at a two-day international donors and investors
conference for East Sudan on Thursday pledged more than 3 billion U.S. dollars
for the region's development.
2nd LD Writethru: Donors, investors pledge 3.547 bln USD for East
Sudan
Countries and organizations at a two-day international donors and investors
conference for East Sudan have pledged 3.547 billion U.S. dollars for the
region's development, a final statement said Thursday.
Egypt court cancels poll results of seven electoral districts
Egypt's State Council Administrative Court annulled on Thursday the results of
the People's Assembly elections in seven constituencies in Greater Cairo,
official media reported.
Iraqi security forces capture 39 Qaida fighters
Iraqi security forces arrested 39 suspected Qaida militants, including the
group's leaders of Iraq's western province of Anbar, officials said on Saturday.
Palestinian minister asks Israel to back WTO membership
The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) has officially asked Israel to lift its
opposition to Palestinian attempt to join the World Trade Organization (WTO).
Israel army confirms killing Palestinian militants on Gaza border
Israel Defense Forces (IDF) troops early Thursday killed two Palestinian
militants in the northern Gaza Strip after they were spotted attempting to
infiltrate through the border.
Top Palestinian negotiator denies reports on U.S. failure to
secure settlement freeze
A senior Palestinian official on Thursday denied reports that the United States
failed to convince Israel to freeze settlement building in the West Bank once
again.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,358 points on
Thursday, increasing by 13 points from Wednesday's finish.
Iran to further protect nuclear scientists: atomic chief
Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali-Akbar Salehi said Thursday
that Iran will set up further measures to protect its nuclear scientists from
harms, the semi-official ISNA news agency reported.
Huge fire engulfs Mount Carmel in northern Israel
A fire that broke out early Thursday in the Carmel mountain range in northern
Israel has spread to a huge blaze several hours on, forcing the evacuation of
people from their homes and a nearby prison.
Roundup: Israeli closure of Gaza crossing leads to wheat, fodder
shortage: officials
by Emad Drimly, Saud Abu Ramadan
Iran speaker criticizes West's silence over nuclear scientist
assassination
Iran's Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani criticized on Thursday West's silence
over the recent terror attacks in Tehran led to the assassination of an Iranian
nuclear scientist, local satellite Press TV reported.
Sudanese president says any attempt to impose unity by force
would lead to disastrous results
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir said on Thursday that any attempt to impose
unity by force in south Sudan referendum would lead to disastrous results.
Five killed, 11 wounded in Iraq's violence
Five people were killed and eleven wounded in separate bomb and gunfire attacks
in northern and central Iraq on Thursday, the police said.
1st LD: Five dead in northern Israeli mountain fire
At least five people were killed in a huge fire that broke out early Thursday in
the Carmel mountain range overlooking Israel's northern port city of Haifa,
local media said.
Israeli army kills two Gaza militants
The Israeli army shot dead two Palestinian militants who approached the security
fence in northeast Gaza Strip, a statement said Thursday.
Urgent: Five dead in northern Israel fire
At least five people were killed in a huge fire that broke out early Thursday in
the Carmel mountain range in northern Israel, sources told Xinhua.
2nd LD: Five killed after bus flips over in northern Israel's
major fire
At least five people were killed in a huge fire that broke out early Thursday in
the Carmel mountain range overlooking Israel's northern port city of Haifa,
local source told Xinhua.
1st LD: 40 dead in northern Israel's forest fire
About 40 people were killed in what officials describe as a "firestorm" that
broke out early Thursday near northern Israel's Haifa, a local source told
Xinhua.
Urgent: 40 dead in northern Israel's forest fire
About 40 people were killed in what officials are calling a "firestorm" that
broke out early Thursday near northern Israel's Haifa, local source told Xinhua.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,033.79 points on
Thursday, up 3.96 points from Tuesday's close. The turnover was about 1.34
billion shekels (about 368 million U.S. dollars).
Feature: Israeli army unveils secretive cyber unit
by Dave Bender
Jordanians pray for rain amidst concerns of driest wet season
Jordanians across the country prayed for rain on Thursday as the Arab kingdom
faces "the driest wet season in over 15 years."
3rd LD: At least 40 dead in historic "firestorm" near northern
Israel's Haifa
At least 40 people are dead in what officials describe as a historic "firestorm"
near Israel's coastal port city of Haifa.
Urgent: Israeli PM calls for international help to fight blaze
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asked Russia, Italy, Greece and
several other nations to send firefighting aircraft to help fight what is being
described as a national disaster.
Urgent: Iran arrests elements of recent terrorist attacks against
nuclear scientists: minister
Iran's intelligence minister said Thursday some of the perpetrators of the
recent terrorist attacks which killed an Iranian academic and injured another
have been arrested, local satellite Press TV reported.
1st LD: Israeli PM calls for international help to fight blaze
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asked Russia, Italy, Greece and
Cyprus to send firefighting aircraft to help fight a fire near the port city of
Haifa, in what is being called a national disaster.
1st LD: Iran arrests elements of recent terrorist attacks against
nuclear scientists: minister
Iran's intelligence minister said Thursday some of the perpetrators of the
recent terrorist attacks which killed an Iranian academic and injured another
have been arrested, local satellite Press TV reported.
4th LD: At least 40 dead in historic "firestorm" near northern
Israel's Haifa
At least 40 people are dead in what officials describe as a historic "firestorm"
near Israel's coastal port city of Haifa.
2nd LD: Iran arrests elements of recent terrorist attacks against
nuclear scientists: minister
Iran's intelligence minister said Thursday some of the perpetrators of the
recent terrorist attacks which killed an Iranian nuclear academic and injured
another have been arrested, local satellite Press TV reported.
2nd LD:  Israeli PM calls on international help to fight blaze
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu late Thursday asked Cyprus, Greece,
Italy and Russia to send firefighting aircraft, which Israel does not own, to
help fight a historic "firestorm" near Israel's coastal port city of Haifa.
Israeli PM's wife stirs crisis in bureau: report
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's wife Sarah is reportedly creating an
upheaval in her husband's Jerusalem bureau, with executives contemplating
quitting their posts.
5th LD: At least 40 killed in historic "firestorm" near northern
Israel's Haifa
At least 40 people were killed in what officials described a historic
"firestorm" near Israel's port city of Haifa on Thursday.
Urgent: Arson not ruled out in investigation of Israel's forest
fire: police spokesman
Israeli Police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld told Xinhua Thursday night that the
investigation into the cause of the forest fire near the coastal port city of
Haifa is currently focused in three directions.
1st LD: Arson not ruled out in investigation of Israel's forest
fire: police spokesman
The investigation into the cause of Israel's forest fire near the port city of
Haifa is currently focused on three directions, Israeli police spokesman Mickey
Rosenfeld said Thursday night.
Roundup: Historic "firestorm" at northern Israel kills 40
by Dave Bender
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 2
At least 40 people were killed in what officials described a historic
"firestorm" near Israel's port city of Haifa on Thursday.
Vanuatu's PM Natapei ousted in no confidence vote
The Vanuatu parliament has approved a motion to oust Prime Minister Edward
Natapei.
41st International film festival of India concludes
The 41st International Film Festival of India (IFFI) concluded in the Goa's
capital of Panaji on Thursday evening with the Bengali filmmaker Gautam Ghose's
" Moner Manush" winning the Golden Peacock award.
Dollar trades in upper 83 yen range in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar was quoted in the upper 83 yen range early Friday in Tokyo,
little changed from its levels on Thursday in New York.
Japanese stocks open higher on overnight rise in New York
Japanese stocks opened moderately higher Friday on an overnight rise on Wall
Street and yen's fall against the dollar.
Report highlights crucial role of Qantas pilots in landing A380
near Singapore last month
The flight crew of QF32 battled failures of electrical systems, flight controls,
braking and computer systems to land the Qantas-operated Airbus A380 near
Singapore last month, Australian Transport Safety Bureau report showed on
Friday.
Towns in Australia's southern New South Wales face evacuation,
floods
Australia's Southern New South Wales (NSW) is on alert as towns along the
Murrumbidgee river face evacuation and floods after a dam overflowed due to
heavy rain, the State Emergency Service (SES) said on Friday.
Seoul shares open stronger
Seoul shares kicked off stronger Friday.
Myamar brings about gradual declination of HIV prevalence over
past decade
Myanmar has achieved a unique distinction of bringing about a gradual
declination of HIV prevalence in the country over the past decade, said official
daily New Light of Myanmar Friday.
U.S. warship arrives in cambodia for goodwill visit
The missile destroyer USS Mustin docked in Sihanoukville Autonomous Port on
Friday for a  five-day goodwill visit in Cambodia, said a U.S. embassy official
in Phnom Penh on Friday.
Samsung Group announces reshuffle in leadership
South Korea's largest business group Samsung on Friday announced an executive
reshuffle plan, according to which the only son of group chairman was promoted
to president of Samsung Electronics, the company said.
Int'l Day of Persons With Disabilities marked in Nepal
The International Day of Persons with Disabilities is being marked in Nepal
Friday around the slogan "Keeping the promise: Mainstreaming disability in the
Millennium Development Goals towards 2015 and beyond".
Nikkei hits 6-month high in morning trade
The Nikkei stock index rose to a six- month intraday high Friday morning.
Roundup: Myanmar builds more cross-border fiber optic links to
improve communication services
Myanmar is building more cross- border fiber optic links with more neighboring
countries in addition to China, Thailand and India to improve domestic internet
communication links.
Forbes Asia names Tony Fernandes Businessman of the Year
Forbes Asia magazine on Friday named Tony Fernandes, the pioneering chief
executive officer of AirAsia Group, as its 2010 Businessman of the Year.
Rio, BHP agree to pay West Australian gov't 342 mln USD to
integrate Pilbara
Australia's BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto have agreed to pay 350 million AU dollars
(342 million U.S. dollars) to the West Australian (WA) government after the
approval of a state agreement allowing the miners to integrate their Pilbara
operations, the government said on Friday.
6 leftist rebels killed in S. Philippine clash: police
DAVAO CITY, Philippines, Dec. 3 (Xinhua)--Six suspected leftist rebels were
reportedly killed during a clash with government troops in southern Philippines,
police and military officials on Friday said.
200,000 child workers in Nepali capital: ILO report
The fragile economic condition and the failure to enforce legal provisions have
put a large number of children on the brink of risk. The report of the
International Labor Organization (ILO) released on Thursday paints a gloomy
picture of child labor in Nepal.
Asia-Pacific businesses to grow over next two years: survey
Nearly 90 percent of businesses surveyed in Asia-Pacific are planning turnover
growth over the next two years, according to Global Enterprise Survey Report
2010 on Friday.
Indian stocks open higher
MUMBAI, Dec. 3 (Xinhua)--Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,007.89
points Friday 15.19 points higher from previous close of 19,992.70 points on
growth of world major bourses.
Australia offers help over Israel fires
Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd on Friday said the nation offered the
help of Australian emergency services in tackling bushfires in Israel.
Singapore's manufacturing rises for 2nd consecutive month
Singapore's manufacturing sector expanded for the second month in a row last
month, joining the rest of Asia to record strong growth, local media reported on
Friday.
Japan, U.S. launch largest-ever joint defense drills
Japan and the United States launched their biggest-ever joint military exercises
Friday, with the South Korean military taking part as an observer, according to
Japan's defense ministry.
1st hearing set on Thursday for 2nd dissolution case of
Thailand's ruling Democrat
The Constitution Court will on Thursday convene a first hearing on the second
Democrat dissolution case, judge Charan Pakdithanakul said on Friday
Poverty impacts women more severely than men: statement
Representatives of women leadership from 22 countries have jointly voiced that
poverty had impacted women more severely than men, according to a statement
released Friday.
Myanmar, Cambodia plan direct flight between ancient cities
Myanmar and Cambodia are planning to launch direct flight between Siem Reap and
two Myanmar ancient cities --Bagan and Mandalay,  the local Popular News
reported Friday.
Dollar changes hands in upper 83 yen range
The U.S. dollar changed hands in the upper 83 yen range Friday morning in Tokyo.
Three killed in shoe factory blaze in Thailand
Three factory workers were killed in a fire which broke out early Thursday
morning at a footwear plant near the capital Bangkok.
Australia's Qantas to conduct further checks on A380 engines
Australia's Qantas Airways said on Thursday it plans to conduct further
inspections of its A380 engines.
Indonesia likely to relocate planned site of nuke power plant
Indonesian government was likely to relocate the planned site of the country's
first nuclear power plant to Bangka Island in Bangka Belitung province from
Muria in Central Java province due to strong opposition from the local people,
the Jakarta Post reported on Thursday.
China calls for deepening dialogue, cooperation between Asian
political parties
China will continue to share the opportunities of development and handle the
challenges side by side with other Asian countries in order to gain lasting
peace and common prosperity in Asia, said a senior official of the Communist
Party of China (CPC) on Thursday.
NATO soldier killed in Afghanistan
A soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) was
killed Thursday, bringing to two the number of the military alliance casualties
over the past two days.
S. Korean FM to discuss DPRK issues with U.S., Japanese
counterparts
South Korea's top diplomat will meet with his U.S. and Japanese counterparts
during a three-day trip to Washington starting Sunday, the foreign ministry here
said Thursday.
Urgent: India successfully testfires BrahMos missile off coast of
eastern state Orissa
India Thursday successfully testfired BrahMos missile off the coast of the
eastern state of Orissa, said official sources.
S. Korean military denies reports of imminent firing exercises
South Korean military officials denied Thursday media reports that the military
will soon resume routine live-fire exercises.
1st LD Writethru: India successfully testfires BrahMos missile
off coast of eastern state
India Thursday successfully testfired BrahMos missile off the coast of the
eastern state of Orissa, said official sources.
Australian dollar ends higher
The Australian dollar ended the local session higher on Thursday, despite
falling one third of a US cent after the release of weak retail sales figures.
Bangladesh's forex reserve reaches 10.71 bln USD
Bangladesh's foreign exchange reserves reached 10.713 billion U.S. dollars at
the end of November this year, the country's central bank said Sunday.
Sri Lankan parliament suspended over opposition MP accusations
Sri Lanka's parliament was suspended Thursday morning amid a tense situation
following a protest against President Mahinda Rajapaksa's visit in Britain.
145 AIDS cases registered in Afghanistan: official
Over 140 cases of AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) have been detected
in Afghanistan and all the patients are under medical treatment, an official
with the Ministry for Public Health Abdullah Fahim confirmed Thursday.
Nikkei climbs 1.8 pct to 5-month high
Tokyo stocks closed sharply higher Thursday with the key Nikkei index surging
1.8 percent to a fresh five-month closing high.
Indonesia files protest to World Bank, IFC on palm oil issue
Indonesia's Deputy Trade Minister Mahendra Siregar said on Thursday that he has
filed a protest to the World Bank and the International Finance Corporation
(IFC) related to a draft of the World Bank Group's Framework for Engagement in
the Palm Oil, detikcom online news reported on Thursday.
Singapore's social safety net "works well": PM
Singapore has in its own way evolved a comprehensive social safety net, the
country's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said on Thursday.
Philippines' BPO industry seen growing to 25 billion U.S. dollars
by 2015
The Philippines is seen to maintain its position as one of the world's top
outsourcing destination, generating an annual revenue of 25 billion U.S. dollars
by 2015.
Roundup: Philippine shares bounce back strongly
The Philippine stock market on Thursday posted its biggest gain since investors
started dumping their shares a month ago.
Malaysia can deepen ties with Chinese communities: Malaysian PM
Malaysia is ideally placed to be a conduit for deepening the relationships
between the Chinese communities in Asia, given its history and strong ties in
the region, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said.
Thai deputy PM unworried over upcoming protest rallies
Thai Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban on Thursday said he is not worried
over planned "red- shirt" and "yellow-shirt" protests next week.
Cambodia to holds first state function at stampede Island
Cambodia will hold its first state function on Thursday evening at Diamond
Island where 351 people died of stampede on November 22.
Roundup: S. Korean shares end higher on foreign buying
Seoul shares closed higher Thursday thanks to foreign buying, local analysts
said.
Interview: Indonesia wants legal binding accord at Cancun
environment summit
by Abu Hanifah
Governor urges relocation of U.S. base outside Okinawa
Okinawa Gov. Hirokazu Nakaima called Thursday on Prime Minister Naoto Kan to
have a key U.S. Marine base relocated outside the prefecture.
Malaysia's vehicle-to-population ratio one of highest in world
Malaysia is one of the countries that has the highest vehicle-to-population
ratio in the world, with 1.017 million new vehicles registered in 2009 alone.
Indonesia to gain advantages due to increasing palm oil demand
Indonesia will gain advantages due to increasing palm oil demand of 7-11 percent
per year as the country is the world's largest palm oil producer, an official
said here on Thursday.
India denies visa to former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf
India has denied visa to former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf who sought
to visit the Indian national capital to attend a conference this weekend, local
media reported Thursday.
Thai "red-shirts" activities on king's birthday under watch
Special branch of police have been instructed to closely monitor the "red-
shirts" activity on Dec. 5, Thai king's birthday, national police chief said on
Thursday.
Interview: To make Singapore's senior citizens happy and healthy:
CEO of SAGE
By Wu Xiaoxiao
Indian vigilance commissioner defiant amid calls for his ouster
over alleged corruption
Even as key United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government partners such as the
Trinamool Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) are demanding his
ouster, India's Chief Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) P.J. Thomas Thursday claimed
that he is not involved in any controversy.
20 pct upside expected for Asian stocks in 2011
Financial services company Credit Suisse is projecting a 20 percent upside in
Asia Pacific excluding Japan equities in 2011 as it believes global industrial
production is bottoming out earlier than expected.
Roundup: Asian leaders committed to sustainable development,
prosperity
Leaders of Asian political parties Thursday unanimously were committed to
playing a greater role in regional and international affairs and to coping with
the rising energy needs to support economic growth and tackle environmental
issues which arose as a result of this faster development.
Singapore shares end 0.5 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 16.02 points or 0.5 percent on Thursday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,197.96 points.
Vietnam to bolster competitiveness, sustainable development
Vietnamese Minister of Planning and Investment Vo Hong Phuc said here Thursday
that Vietnam will speed up efforts to bolster the country's competitiveness and
realize the goal of sustainable development.
Roundup: Nikkei jumps 1.81 pct to 5-month high on global economic
optimism
Tokyo stocks rose Thursday, with the key Nikkei stock index climbing nearly 2
percent as encouraging U. S. economic data boosted investor sentiment and easing
fears about Europe's debt crises, coupled with a weaker yen further contributed
to a positive market mood.
S. Korea to join Japan-U.S. defense exercises as observer
Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshito Sengoku said Thursday that South Korea
will take part in the Japan-U.S. defense exercises as an observer.
One more Cambodian dies from stampede tragedy
One more man was reported on Thursday dead in the stampede tragedy on Nov. 22 at
the Diamond Island bridge during the final day of the Water Festival, bringing
the total number of the dead to 352.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific News Summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 2
South Korean military officials denied Thursday media reports that the military
will soon resume routine live-fire exercises.
Vietnam, China to strengthen ties in cultural cooperation
Vietnamese Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism Hoang Tuan Anh said here
Thursday that Vietnam expected more cooperation with China in boosting the two
countries ' cultural ties.
Malaysian tin market closes higher
The local tin market closed higher here on Thursday, and the trading volume rose
compared with Wednesday.
11 mln USD for cancer research in Singapore
Bayer HealthCare Singapore on Thursday extends an additional 14.5 million
Singapore dollars (11. 04 million U.S. dollars) of investment in cancer therapy
and diagnostics here.
Iran invites Philippine president for state visit
The government of Iran has extended its invitation to President Aquino for a
state visit, the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) said on Thursday.
Thai prosecutor dismisses request to revoke "red-shirt" core
leader's bail
The temporary release of "red-shirt " core leader Jatuporn Promphan will remain
in effect on the ground for lacking cause to revoke his bail pending trial on
terrorism charges, chief prosecutor Ruj Khuensuwan said on Thursday.
University closes after terrorist threat in Pakistan's capital
Pakistan's National University of Modern Languages (NUML) in the capital city of
Islamabad was closed down on Thursday after its administration received the
threats to bomb the university, sources said.
Indian apex court flays former telecom minister for showing
disrespect to PM
The Supreme Court of India Thursday flayed former Union Telecom Minister A. Raja
for showing disrespect to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh by ignoring his
reservations on the 2G spectrum allocation issue.
Thai PM to meet yellow-shirt leaders before its planed rally
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejajiva is to hold a meeting with co-leaders of the
"yellow-shirt " People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD), Bangkok Post online
reported Thursday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific summary of stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 2
The Philippine market jumped by 3.64 percent on Thursday.
Indian defense official calls for more use of Unmanned Aerial
Vehicles
A senior Indian defense official has called for more use of Unmanned Aerial
Vehicles (UAVs) to gain advantage at a time of "sea change" in military
aviation, reported the Press Trust of India Thursday.
Gunmen kill driver of NATO container in NW Pakistan
Gunmen shot dead driver of a NATO supplies tanker in Pakistan's northwest on
Thursday, police said.
Dollar at lower 84 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 84 yen level Thursday in Tokyo.
Indian stocks close up 0.72 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 142.7 points or 0.72 percent Thursday
on rises of global bourses.
Roundup: Bangladesh announces municipal poll schedules
The Banladesh Election Commission Thursday announced schedules for municipal
elections in all the seven divisions of the country, indirectly paving the way
for the South Asian nation's two major political parties to test their
popularity.
Facebook used to recruit drug mules from Malaysia
Popular social networking site Facebook has become a tool for trans-border
syndicates to recruit fresh drug mules from Malaysia.
Roundup: Pakistan KSE hits 29-month high on massive buying
Local and foreign investors thronged Pakistan's Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) on
Thursday as its main index raced above the 29 months' highest level once again
to close above 11,300 levels.
Manila asks Kuala Lumpur to extend peace monitors' stay in S.
Philippines
Philippine President Benigno Aquino's peace adviser on Thursday asked Kuala
Lumpur to extend its peace monitors stay in the southern Philippines.
2 village guards killed in clash with Muslim rebels in S.
Philippines
Fighting erupted between government troops and Muslim separatist rebels on
Thursday in southern Philippines, leaving two village guards dead, a military
official said.
China makes a hit in Asia Pacific Screen Awards
China's film makers and players made a hit by grabbing four out of nine major
awards in the 4th Annual Asia Pacific Screen Awards (APSA) ceremony held here on
Thursday.
Thai PM's Democrat Party to hear court's proceeding decision Dec.
9
Thailand's Constitution Court on Thursday called Prime Minister Abhisit
Vejjajiva's Democrat Party to appear before court next week to hear its
proceeding decision on the party's alleged unconstitutional reception of
donation.
Philippine president calls on private sector to support renewable
energy
Stressing that the sustainable access and use of renewable energy is a vital
cornerstone of the country's overarching agenda of success, Philippine President
Benigno Aquino III on Thursday called on the private sector to be government's
partner in bringing renewable energy to isolated communities.
NATO soldier killed in Taliban attack in Afghanistan
Another soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF)
was killed in Taliban insurgents' attack in Afghanistan's restive southern
region, bringing the number of ISAF casualties to two in a single day on
Thursday.
Pakistani president calls for better communication network with
China
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari underlined Thursday the importance of
establishing a better communication network between Pakistan and China that
would provide a boost to the mutual trade and provide China an easy access to
the markets in the Gulf countries and other regions through Pakistani ports and
road networks as well.
Cambodian King meets with Li Yuanchao
Cambodian King Norodom Sihamoni on Thursday met with Li Yuanchao, member of the
Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee,
secretary of the CPC Central Committee Secretariat and head of the Organization
Department of the CPC Central Committee.
Sydney holds exhibition presenting warriors of China's First
Emperor
An exhibition opened here on Thursday, presenting over 120 objects, 10 of the
world-renowned terra-cotta warriors and horses, and significant recent finds
from the First Emperor Qin Shihuang's mausoleum located in the province of
Shaanxi, northwest China.
Cambodian PM calls for trust of political parties in the region
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen urged Thursday that it is of significance that
the International Conference of Asia Political Parties (ICAPP) promote trust and
understanding among the different political parties within the continent.
EU to give Bangladesh 12.86 mln USD grant on mangrove forest
The European Union (EU) will give Bangladesh 12.86 million U.S. dollars as grant
for protection and better management of the world's largest mangrove forest,
which is facing severe threat by global climate change.
Pakistan to repatriate militancy-hit tribal refugees
Pakistan announced Thursday to start on Dec. 4 the repatriation of thousands of
tribesmen displaced as a result of the military operation in South Waziristan
tribal region.
Pakistani university closed over threats
The Pakistani authorities Thursday closed for three days a university in the
capital over threats, officials said.
SGX securities, derivatives volumes increased in November
Singapore Exchange (SGX) said Thursday its securities and derivatives volumes
have increased in November compared to a year ago, as Singapore and regional
economies rebounded.
Indian nuclear "triad" to be ready by 2012: Navy Chief
India's nuclear triad, which is the nation's capability to deliver strategic
weapons from land, air and submarine, will be ready by 2012, the head of the
Indian Navy said Thursday.
Singapore launches 387 mln USD co-investment program
The Singapore government Thursday announced the launch of a 500-million-
Singapore dollar (about 387 million U.S. dollars) co-investment program, aimed
to provide growing Singapore enterprises that have successfully gone past the
start-up stage.
Australian authorities intercept boat carrying 97 suspected
refugees
Australian border control officials on Thursday confirmed a boat carrying almost
100 suspected asylum seekers has been stopped near Christmas Island of
Australia.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 2
The temporary release of "red-shirt" core leader Jatuporn Promphan will remain
in effect on the ground for lacking cause to revoke his bail pending trial on
terrorism charges, chief prosecutor Ruj Khuensuwan said on Thursday.
India expected to raise interest rates by 1.25 pct in 2011:
economists
The Indian central bank will hike interest rate by 1.25 percent in 2011 to
contain inflation,  said Leif Eskesen, chief economist with HSBC on Indian and
ASEAN market on Thursday.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire says has sealed land, air, sea borders
The military of Cote d'Ivoire announced on Thursday that the country's land, air
and sea borders had been sealed.
Guinea's prime minister denies rumor about health condition of
military leader Konate
Guinea's Prime Minister Jean Marie Dore has denied the rumor that the country's
military leader General Sekouba Conate is seriously ill.
1st LD: Guinea's supreme court confirms Conde as winner of
presidential run-off
Guinea's supreme court on Thursday confirmed that Alpha Conde, candidate from
the Rally of Guinean People (RPG), is the winner of the presidential run-off.
Cote d'Ivoire tally blocked in tense disagreement
The announcement of Cote d'Ivoire's presidential run-off results remained
blocked on Wednesday night due to disagreement within the Independent Electoral
Commission (CEI).
Urgent: Guinea's supreme court confirms Conde as winner of
presidential run-off
Guinea's supreme court on Thursday confirmed that Alpha Conde, candidate from
the Rally of Guinean People (RPG), is the winner of the presidential run-off.
3rd LD Writethru: Cote d'Ivoire says has sealed land, air, sea
borders
The military of Cote d'Ivoire announced on Thursday that the country's land, air
and sea borders had been sealed.
Roundup: Mutual gains to drive China-Africa relations
by David Musyoka and Ben Ochieng
2nd LD: Guinea's supreme court confirms Conde as winner of
presidential run-off
Guinea's supreme court early on Friday confirmed that Alpha Conde, candidate
from the Rally of Guinean People (RPG), is the winner of the presidential run-
off.
3rd  LD Writethru: Guinea's supreme court confirms Conde as
winner of presidential run-off
Guinea's supreme court early on Friday confirmed that Alpha Conde, candidate
from the Rally of Guinean People (RPG), is the winner of the presidential run-
off.
Profile: Alpha Conde, winner of presidential run-off in Guinea
Guinea's supreme court early on Friday confirmed that Alpha Conde, candidate
from the Rally of Guinean People (RPG), is the winner of the presidential run-
off
Interview: Biotechnology key to Africa food security:expert
by David Musyoka
Roundup: New study says Africa can feed itself in a generation
by David Musyoka
Central African Republic president hails friendship with China
since independence
Central African Republic President Francois Bozize hails the deep-rooted
friendship with China since the former French colony won independence in 1960.
Gambia's 2011 draft budget tabled in parliament
Gambian Minister of Finance Abdou Colley on Wednesday tabled in parliament the
estimates of revenues, recurrent and development expenditures for the fiscal
year 2011.
Feature: South Africa's new HIV testing proves working
by Emmanuel Tjiya
Urgent: Several killed as Cote d'Ivoire election tally postponed
Several people were killed overnight in an attack on an office of presidential
candidate Alassane Ouattara as the publication of the Nov. 7 run-off results
were delayed amid tensions, police reported on Thursday.
1st LD: Several killed as Cote d'Ivoire election tally delayed in
tensions
Several people were killed overnight in an attack on an office of presidential
candidate Alassane Ouattara as the publication of the Nov. 28 run-off results
were delayed amid tensions, police reported on Thursday.
Pirates hijacking South Korean fishing suspected of  Al-Shabaab
links
Families of the 46 Kenyan crew currently hijacked by pirates received shocking
revelations that the pirates seizing one of the vessels,  GoldenWave, could be
having links with Somali terrorist group Al-Shaabab.
Chinese company in Togo looted by armed thugs
A Chinese firm dealing in textile products in Lome, the Togolese capital, was
looted late Wednesday by three armed thugs, who went away with 60,000 U. S.
dollars and a sum of money in the local currency FCFA.
2nd LD Writethru: Seven killed as Cote d'Ivoire election tally
delayed in tensions
At least Seven people were killed overnight in an attack on an office of
presidential candidate Alassane Ouattara as the publication of the Nov. 28 run-
off results were delayed amid tensions, police reported on Thursday.
South African military demands explanation of dismissed soldiers
South Africa's defense department said on Thursday it was seeking clarity from
the Pretoria High Court about more than 1,000 dismissed soldiers.
EAC, ICGLR sign  MoU on promoting peace and good governance
The East African Community (EAC)  and the International Conference on the Great
Lakes Region (ICGLR) have signed here a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on
strengthening cooperation between the two regional organizations.
WHO calls for strengthened community health service to reduce
deaths in Africa
Acting World Health Organization (WHO) country representative in Uganda Solomon
Fisseha on Thursday called for strengthening of community health service in Sub
Saharan Africa to reduce high mortality and morbidity rates.
Nigerian president tasks youths on national development
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Thursday called on youths to embrace
excellence and contribute to getting Nigeria on track to become one of the
world's leading nations.
Roundup: ICC chief prosecutor to name poll suspects mid in
December
By Ben Ochieng and Peter Mutai
Urgent: Alassane Ouattara win presidential run-off  in  Cote
d'Ivoire
Former prime minister Alasssane Ouattara won the presidential run-off in Cote
d'Ivoire,  Election Commission chief Youssouf Kakayoko announced on Thursday.
(Special for CAFS) Africa Focus: Kenya says committed to regional
initiatives
By Daniel Ooko
1st LD: Alassane Ouattara win presidential run-off  in Cote
d'Ivoire: media report
Former prime minister Alasssane Ouattara won the presidential run-off in Cote
d'Ivoire, media report quoted  Election Commission chief Youssouf Kakayoko as
announcing on Thursday.
Interview:Burundian President hails China as model in terms of
food security, climate change
Burundian President Pierre Nkurunziza on Thursday hailed China's development as
a "good model" in terms of food security and climate change.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire constitutional council says election
results announced by election commission not valid: media report
The constitutional council  of Cote d'Ivoire has said that the election results
announced on Thursday by the election commission are not valid, media report
said.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire constitutional council says election
results announced by election commission not valid
The constitutional council  of Cote d'Ivoire has said that the election results
announced on Thursday by the election commission are not valid.
2nd LD: Cote d'Ivoire constitutional council says election
results announced by election commission not valid
The constitutional council  of Cote d'Ivoire has said that the election results
announced on Thursday by the election commission are not valid.
Interview: "Ghana not to make other peoples enemies our enemies":
deputy minister
By Ekow Moses
South African hospital makes history with heart operation
Tygerberg Hospital in Cape Town on Thursday reported that it had made history by
performing a heart valve transplant without opening up the patient's chest.
3rd LD Writethru: Cote d'Ivoire constitutional council says
election results announced by election commission not valid
The constitutional council  of Cote d'Ivoire has said that the election results
announced on Thursday by the election commission are not valid.
Ethiopia says to take successive measures to implement growth
plan
Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi said on Thursday that the government will
take consecutive measures for the successful implementation of the five-year
Growth and Transformation Plan.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire says has sealed land, air, sea borders
The military of Cote d'Ivoire announced on Thursday that the country's land, air
and sea borders had been sealed.
2nd LD: Cote d'Ivoire says has sealed land, air, sea borders
The military of Cote d'Ivoire announced on Thursday that the country's land, air
and sea borders had been sealed.
UN chief urges countries to ratify legal treaties to fight
slavery
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday marked the International Day for
the Abolition of Slavery by urging member states to bring into force all the
legal instruments necessary to eradicate the scourge.
Russian stocks close higher
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed on Thursday with both key indexes
higher for a third consecutive trading day.
Roundup: ECB keeps key rate at historical low with better
economic expectations
The European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday kept its key interest rate at the
historically low level of 1.00 percent, and slightly lifted its economic
expectations.
U.S. pending home sales rise 10.4 percent in October
U.S. pending homes sales jumped in October, showing a positive uptrend since
bottoming in June, according to a report released on Thursday by a leading U.S.
housing research organization.
Spain's Avila city wins European award for disabled-friendly
cities
The Spanish city of Avila has won the first-ever European award for improving
access for disabled people, the European Commission announced Thursday.
China, Russia sign emergency aid document
A handover certificate on China providing Russia with emergency humanitarian aid
has been inked in Moscow between the two sides, the Chinese embassy in Russia
announced on Thursday.
Minor clashes occur during students' protest in front of Greek
parliament
ATHENS, Dec. 2 (Xinhua)-- A mass rally in Athens of students protesting against
government austerity measures ended up in minor clashes with anti-riot police in
front of the Greek parliament on Thursday afternoon.
China urges more diplomatic efforts to solve Iranian nuclear
issue
A senior Chinese diplomat on Thursday urged relevant parties to step up
diplomatic efforts to solve the Iranian nuclear issue.
U.S. stocks extend rally on recovery signs
U.S. stocks extended rally on Thursday after the Dow Jones industrial average
posted biggest gains in three months, as a latest batch of economic data
provided more evidence for a stronger recovery.
IAEA chief requests Syrian cooperation in clarifying nuclear
issue
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on Thursday "requested" Syrian
cooperation in clarifying the country's nuclear issue.
Putin pledges a successful World Cup
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Thursday vowed to host the 2018 World
Cup at "a worthy level".
Corinthians' star midfielder Elias in scopes of Benfica
Rumors spread quickly on Thursday regarding the future of Corinthians' talented
midfielder Elias that the athlete could be only days away from being sold to
Portugal's SL Benfica.
Canada's economic action plan creates 420,000 new jobs: PM
Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced here on Thursday that the
country's economic action plan has been successful in creating jobs and economic
growth during the world economic recession.
California voters lack confidence in elected officials: survey
Most Californian voters have little confidence in the ability of their elected
leaders to work together, according to a post-election survey released on
Thursday.
China's growth good for U.S. workers: Gary Locke
China's rapid economic growth is good for the U.S. workers, and the U.S.
government is committed to improving bilateral economic relations with China,
said U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Locke on Thursday.
Feature: Russia celebrates World Cup victory
At around 6:40 p.m. Moscow time ( 1540 GMT) on Thursday when FIFA president
Joseph Blatter opened the envelope and read out "Russia", thousands of Russians
revelled in front of their television sets, celebrating the victory of their
country to host the 2018 World Cup.
UN Security Council welcomes "peaceful" presidential run-off in
Cote d'Ivoire
The UN Security Council on Thursday welcomed the holding of presidential run-off
elections in Cote d'Ivoire on Nov. 28, which were conducted with a "massive and
peaceful participation."
Rain helps Albania's KESH hydropower stations produce at top
capacity
Albania's state-owned KESH power utility said on Thursday its three hydropower
stations on the Drin River are running at full capacity and are producing 29
million kilowatt hours of electricity a day.
White House urges Congress to extend unemployment aid
The U.S. government Thursday called on the Congress to extend insurance for
unemployed Americans, saying that millions of people will lose financial support
without government help.
Ban appoints new officials for UN Conference on Sustainable
Development
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday announced the appointment of the
new executive coordinators for the UN conference on Sustainable Development, a
statement released here said.
WMO says 2010 among three hottest years
The year 2010 is "almost certain" to be among the three hottest years since
temperature records began in 1850, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO)
said on Thursday.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Thursday with the leading FTSE 100
index up by 125.06 points, or 2.22 percent, at 5,767.56 points.
Roundup: Russian authorities hail historical World Cup bid
Upon hearing the announcement of Russia to host the 2018 World Cup, Russian
state authorities on Thursday night all hailed the victory while pledging solid
preparations for the grand soccer event.
Finland's cabin crew strike continues to ground flights
Another 200 flights of Finnish flag carrier Finnair were grounded on Thursday as
the cabin crew strike went on to the third day, stranding some 8,000 passengers.
Urgent: Gold extends gains on weaker dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange moved
moderately higher for the fourth session in a row on Thursday, as dollar
continued to slide, increasing gold's appeal as an alternative investment.
Interview: Cancun is not the final end of the game: Chinese
negotiator
By Xinhua Writers Liu lili, Wang Yujue, Ren Haijun
Urgent: Oil continues rising on positive economic reports
Crude prices continued rising Thursday on positive economic reports. Light,
sweet crude for January delivery rose 1.25 U.S. dollars to 88.00 U.S. dollars a
barrel on the New York Mercantile.
Security Council to address concerns of young people this month
The Security Council will hold a special event this month to involve youth in
its work, Susan Rice, U.S. permanent representative to the UN and this month 's
president of the council told reporters here Thursday.
France Telecom closes buy of 40 percent stake in Morocco's
Meditel
French state-run telecom operator France Telecom said on Thursday that it had
closed the purchase of 40 percent of Moroccan operator Meditel's stake as part
of a drive to expand businesses and boost revenue in emerging markets.
Gold extends gains on weaker dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange moved
moderately higher for the fourth session in a row on Thursday, as dollar
continued to slide, increasing gold's appeal as an alternative investment.
Silver and platinum both jumped.
U.S. vice president to chair high-level UN Security Council
meeting on Iraq
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden will chair a high-level UN Security Council
meeting on Iraq later this month to "recognize the very real progress" that
country has made so far, Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the UN who also
holds the rotating presidency of the Security Council for December, told
reporters here on Thursday.
Cholera death toll in Haiti rises to 1,817
The death toll of the cholera outbreak in Haiti has risen to 1,817, the Haitian
Public Health Ministry said on Thursday.
Europa League results
Following are the Europa League results on Thursday (home teams listed first):
J&amp;J recalls millions of antacids
Johnson &amp; Johnson (J&amp;J) said on Thursday that it is pulling millions of
bottles of antacids from shelves because they don't list the alcohol content of
flavoring agents.
Vanuatu's PM ousted by no-confidence vote
The Vanuatu parliament has approved a motion to oust Prime Minister Edward
Natapei, local media reported on Friday.
Air China receives Spanish tourism award
Representatives of Air China collected a Plaque for Tourist Merit in Spain
Thursday.
Qatar delighted at Word Cup bid win
Qatar's Emir Sheikh Mohammad bin Hamad Al-Thani said FIFA's decision to award
the nation the hosting rights for the 2022 World Cup marks a "milestone" for the
sport in the Middle East.
UN Security Council "ready and willing" to take up Sudan in
session
Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the UN and December's Security Council
president, said here on Thursday that the international peace and security body
will take up the question of Sudan both at pre-scheduled meetings and at any
other time if necessary.
Crude prices rise on positive economic reports
Crude prices continued to rise on Thursday amid latest U.S. economic reports
showing more recovery signs.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as euro lifted by ECB bond buying
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Thursday as the euro was boosted by reports that the European Central Bank
was buying bonds.
Urgent: U.S. stocks extend rally on recovery signs
The U.S. stocks extended rally on Thursday amid a series of latest reports
providing more evidence for a stronger recovery. All the major indexes rose by
about 1 percent at the closing.
Acidification may push already over-stressed oceans into the red:
report
The future impact of rising emissions on the health of seas and oceans may be
far more wide- ranging and complex than was previously supposed, according to a
new report released at the U.N. climate change conference in Mexico.
EBay buys local shopping engine Milo
E-commerce giant eBay on Thursday announced that it has bought Milo, a local
shopping engine that provides consumers with access to real-time local store
inventory and pricing.
Seventh OSCE summit concludes in Astana
The seventh high-profile summit of the Organization for Security and Cooperation
in Europe (OSCE) concluded early Friday morning at Astana, the capital city of
Kazakhstan, with the adoption of the Astana Declaration, Kazakh President
Nursultan Nazarbayev announced.
1st LD-Writethru: Dollar mixed as euro lifted by ECB bond buying
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Thursday as the euro was boosted by reports that the European Central Bank
was buying bonds.
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks extend rally on recovery signs
The U.S. stocks extend rally on Thursday amid latest economic reports showing
more recovery signs.
Russian "king of spam" arrested: Milwaukee FBI
A 23-year-old Russian in Milwaukee, the U.S. state of Wisconsin, who was accused
by the FBI for controlling a network of infected computers that generated about
one-third of the world's spam, is under arrest, according to a Thursday report
of Milwaukee's Journal Sentinel.
Int'l study shows world in better shape than feared; but wars
threaten
By William M. Reilly
UN Security Council imposes sanctions against DRC colonel for
child abuses
The UN Security Council imposed sanctions against Colonel Innocent Zimurinda of
the armed forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (FARDC) for abuses
against children, announced the UN office of the special representative of the
secretary-general for children and armed conflict on Thursday.
Gates, Mullen urge Congress repeal military gay ban
Pentagon leadership on Thursday urged U.S. Congress to act soon to repeal a
military ban that prohibits gays and lesbians to serve openly, saying the matter
has gained urgency this year.
Roundup: U.S. stocks extend rally to second day
The U.S. stocks extended rally on Thursday, after the Dow Jones industrial
average posting biggest gains in three months on Wednesday, as the latest
economic data provided more evidence for a stronger recovery.
2011 US PGA Tour schedule
Following is the 2011 US PGA Tour schedule released on Thursday:
French president to visit India with deals on agenda
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is scheduled to visit India from December 4 to
7, with contracts signing on agenda, the Elysee Palace said on Thursday.
"Let us win the World Cup now": Dutch sports minister
"Sad, but true" was the header of the biggest Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf after
FIFA president Sepp Blatter announced that Russia will host the 2018 World Cup.
Chicago wheat strengthens on mounting worries over crop quality
Chicago Wheat futures continued to rise on Thursday as insurance buying of U.S.
wheat surfaced, indicating mounting concerns over reducing supplies of high
quality wheat worldwide. Corn futures reversed gains on fund- selling. Soybean
ended a tad lower after hitting 2-week high on strong demand for U.S. soybean.
UN chief welcomes announcement of Cote d'Ivoire's provisional
results for presidential run-off elections
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon here Thursday welcomed the announcement of
provisional results for Cote d'Ivoire's presidential run-off elections, urging
all parties to show "responsibility."
White House urges Cote d'Ivoire to respect elections results
The U.S. White House on Thursday urged all parties in Cote d'Ivoire to respect
results of the country's presidential elections.
EU appoints high ranking official for new diplomatic service
European Union (EU) foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton appointed Thursday new
Managing Director for Crisis Response in the bloc's new diplomatic service.
Putin lands in Zurich to thank FIFA executive committee
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin arrived in Zurich on Thursday night after
the FIFA announced Russia to be the host of 2018 World Cup, Swiss media
reported.
Flood waters threaten Bosnian and Serbian towns on Drina River
Heavy rains have swollen most of the rivers in the Western Balkans, with the
most critical region being along the River Drina, which marks the border between
Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia, reported Radio Sarajevo on Thursday.
Villarreal beat Dinamo, Sevilla crash in Europa League
Spanish side Villarreal took a big step towards the last 32 of the Europa League
with a 4-0 win at home to Dinamo Zagreb on Thursday.
Cyprus sends fire-fighting aircraft to Israel
Cyprus is sending fire- fighting aircraft to neighboring Israel at the request
of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, said Cypriot government.
Maradona wants to coach Boca Juniors
Argentine former national soccer team coach Diego Maradona said on Thursday that
he "is dying" to coach Boca Juniors club, which is currently without a coach
since Claudio Borghi left.
Roundup: Canadian stocks rise for a fourth day
Canadian stocks rose for a fourth day on Thursday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite
Index closed up 15. 18 points, or 0.12 percent, at 13,163.53.
Dortmund extend chances at European League
German Bundesliga leaders Dortmund obtained their chances to remain at UEFA
European League thanks to a 3-0 over Ukrainian club Karpaty Lwiw on Thursday at
Signal Iduna Park.
U.S. House passes tax cuts bill for middle class
U.S. House of Representatives approved Thursday a bill to extend tax cuts for
the middle class Americans, letting extra cuts for the wealthy to expire.
Roundup: Europe remains in grip of deadly cold, heavy snowfall
Deadly cold and heavy snowfall continued to sweep across Europe on Thursday,
snarling traffic and causing at least 18 deaths in Poland and other countries.
Finnish parliament approves 741 million euros bailout for Ireland
The Finnish parliament on Thursday approved guarantees of 741 million euros (975
million U.S. dollars) for the bailout to Ireland offered by the European Union
(EU) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Russia says no objection to Japan viewing disputed Pacific
islands
Russia does not mind if top Japanese officials take a look at some disputed
Pacific islands, Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexei Sazonov said Thursday.
Ukrainian prosecutor questions former prime minister
Former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko was called into the state
prosecutor's office in Kiev for questioning on Thursday.
Brazil releases 1-million-dollar aid to fight cholera in Haiti
Brazil's Health Ministry announced on Thursday the release of 1 million U.S.
dollars to help Haiti fight the cholera epidemic
Brazil's industrial output up 11.8 pct Jan.-Oct.
Brazil's industrial production increased 11.8 percent year on year in the first
10 months of 2010, statistics show.
Urgent: Sudanese president threatens to expel foreign
organizations not respecting  its sovereignty
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on Thursday threatened to expel any foreign
organization that does not respect the country's sovereignty and government
regulations.
U.S. House veteran censured for ethics violations
A Democratic veteran in the U.S. House of Representatives was censured Thursday
for ethics violations.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 3
At least 40 people were killed in what officials described a historic
"firestorm" near Israel's port city of Haifa on Thursday.
2010 among three hottest years: WMO
2010 is "almost certain" to be among the three hottest years since temperature
records began in 1850, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) said
Thursday.
Highway accident kills 9 in Peru
Nine people died on Thursday when a cargo truck turned over on a highway in the
Peruvian Andes, Peru's National Police (PNP) said.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's three major stock markets closed mixed on Thursday.
Albania seeks China's help to digitalize TV broadcasting
Albania's public television broadcaster RTSH said on Thursday that it is seeking
China's help to overhaul its analogue broadcasting system into a digital one.
Argentina tightens security for Ibero-Amecian summit
Argentine authorities  have been tightening security in the seaside resort for
the 20th Ibero-American summit to be hosted here on Saturday.
U.S. agencies release new guidelines for preventing stroke
Maintaining a healthy lifestyle is key for preventing stroke, according to new
guidelines released Thursday by two U.S. medical associations.
1st LD Writethru: Sudanese president threatens to expel hostile
foreign organizations
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on Thursday threatened to expel any foreign
organization that does not respect the country's sovereignty and government
regulations.
Portugal to expand exports to Latin American nations
Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates will try to promote the country's
exports to Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia and Venezuela when he attends the Ibero-
American summit Saturday in Argentina.
Stocks higher in Mexico, Brazil
Latin America's two major stock markets closed higher on Thursday.
Argentine minister hails strong ties with China
Argentine Economy Minister Amado Boudou Thursday described relations with China
as "very strong and beneficial."
L. American development tied to China's: Chilean FM
The economic development of Chile and other nations in Latin America is tied to
China, which "is gaining amazing importance in the world," Foreign Minister
Alfredo Moreno said.
Colombia, Chile, Peru, Ecuador to strengthen regional maritime
cooperation
Colombia, Chile, Peru and Ecuador agreed on Thursday to consolidate the South
Pacific Permanent Commission (CPPS) at their 9th Ordinary Assembly, the
Ecuadorian Foreign Ministry said.
Mediation mission adopts two principles for Darfur peace process
The international mediation delegation to Sudan's Darfur has constituted two
principles for realizing peace in the region, head of the delegation said
Thursday.
Algeria says Sahel nations able to tackle terror threats
Countries in the African Sahel are fully capable of appropriately addressing
terror threats themselves, a senior Algerian official said.
Chile, China's Hong Kong to promote ties in wine sector
Chile and China's Hong Kong on Thursday signed a memorandum of understanding to
strengthen ties in the wine sector.
UN chief calls for full probe into bloody clash in West Darfur
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday called for a full probe into a
clash in Sudan's West Darfur, which involved protestors and government security
forces, leaving at least one killed and several wounded.
Severe blizzard hits southern Denmark
Many residents in southern Denmark were urged to stay home as a blizzard
blanketed the region on Thursday, after the country experienced its coldest
November in a decade. Colder weather is expected for December.
CPC, U.S. officials discuss party-to-party exchange
Senior officials of the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the U.S. government
held discussions here Wednesday on exchanges between the CPC and major U.S.
political parties.
Nine women named electoral councilors in Bolivia
For the first time in Bolivia, nine women were appointed as provincial electoral
councilors on Thursday, under a policy to promote gender equity.
News Analysis: U.S. lacks bargaining chips at Cancun climate
talks
by Ren Haijun, Liu Lili
Pneumonia at epidemic level in Denmark: experts
Denmark is facing a nationwide pneumonia epidemic following a tenfold increase
in the number of positive tests, local media reported Thursday, citing medical
experts.
Joint seminar marks 40th anniversary of China-Chile ties
Chinese and Chilean dignitaries hailed the fruitful cooperation between the two
countries in the past four decades at a seminar here Wednesday.
Chinese negotiator urges more dialogues in Cancun
More dialogues are needed for achieving a balanced outcome of the ongoing UN
Conference on Climate Change (COP 16) here, China's chief climate change
negotiator said.
UN chief calls for prompt release of presidential poll result in
Cote d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday called for the prompt
announcement of the provisional result of the run-off presidential election in
Cote d'Ivoire, saying that the timely release "is the key element of the
integrity and validity of the electoral process."
Brazil to create new ministry as media regulator
Brazilian President-elect Dilma Rousseff is expected to create the Ministry of
Communications to regulate the media sector, incumbent president Luiz Inacio
Lula da Silva said Thursday.
Roundup: L. America progresses despite dramas in 2010
It has been a dramatic 2010 in Latin America and the Caribbean, including two
earthquakes, presidential elections, an attempted coup, the fight against drug
trafficking and bicentennial celebrations.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 3
Nearly 90 percent of businesses surveyed in Asia- Pacific are planning turnover
growth over the next two years, according to Global Enterprise Survey Report
2010 on Friday.
Roundup: Debates on WikiLeaks disclosures get hotter in U.S.
by George Bao
L. American, Caribbean biodiversity in danger: UNDP
The fauna and flora of Latin America and the Caribbean are in danger, according
to the United Nations Development Program (UNDP).
Georgia expects year-end inflation at 10.6 pct: central bank
The South Caucasus country of Georgia will have to make do with a double-digit
inflation by the end of this year, the country's central bank warned on
Thursday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 2
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Wednesday called for the prompt announcement
of the provisional result of the run-off presidential election in Cote d'Ivoire,
saying that the timely release "is the key element of the integrity and validity
of the electoral process."
Eminem leads Grammy Awards nominations with 10
American rapper Eminem is the top nominee for Grammy awards, earning 10 nods,
including the most prestigious categories of song, album, and record of the
year.
German stocks open higher
German stocks opened higher Thursday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Schwarzenegger declares state of emergency after explosives found
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger proclaimed a state of emergency in San
Diego County Wednesday due to the discovery of a massive stockpile of highly
explosive materials in a house.
London stock market rises in early trading
The London stock market rose in opening on Thursday, with the leading FTSE 100
index up by 13.50 points, or 0.24 percent, at 5,656.00 points in early trading.
France's Q3 unemployment rate unchanged at 9.3 pct
French jobless rate was steady at 9.3 percent during July-September period this
year compared to the second quarter, in line with officials' efforts to slow
unemployment, government data showed on Thursday.
Roundup: Cancun delegates praise China's green energy push
by Xinhua writers Liu Lili, Wang Yujue, Ren Haijun
Putin warns against missile deployment near Russia
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin warned Thursday that Russia would have to
"protect itself by various means" if it only received negative reactions to its
security proposals.
Russia supports dialogues with DPRK, Iran: Putin
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Thursday reiterated Russia's support
for continuing dialogue with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)
and Iran.
Spain's November jobless rate remain on rise despite moderate
fall
The number of people registered as unemployed in Spain rose for the fourth
consecutive months in November, according to official figures published on
Thursday.
Spanish PM tries to restore confidence in economy
Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero has restated his confidence
the Spanish economy will return to growth soon and that the country will not
need an Irish-style EU bailout.
China Daily to launch European edition in UK
China Daily, a leading English- language newspaper established in China, will
launch a European edition on Friday in London, the publication's general manager
says.
London stock market higher by midday
TUI Travel led the London stock market higher by midday on Thursday after it
reported full-year operation profits of 447 million pounds, which was at the top
end of forecasts.
IAEA meets on Iranian nuclear issue, nuclear fuel bank
The International Atomic Energy Agency's (IAEA) last Board of Governors meeting
for 2010 started here Thursday with the focus on Iran and a U.S. plan for an
international nuclear fuel bank.
Coalition government set up in Kyrgyzstan
The Kyrgyzstan parliament on Thursday announced the formal establishment of the
new coalition government organized by three major parties, according to news
reaching here.
Urgent: ECB keeps key interest rate unchanged
The European Central Bank (ECB) keeps the key interest rate unchanged at 1
percent on Thursday. The ECB's president Jean-Claude Trichet will explain this
decision later at a press conference.
U.S. PepsiCo acquires Russian milk producer
U.S. soft drinks company PepsiCo agreed Thursday to buy Russia's largest private
producer of packed milk, mineral water and juices, Wimm-Bill-Dann (WBD) for 5.8
billion U.S. dollars.
Chinese envoy says resumption of six-party talks "imperative"
It is "imperative" to resume the six- party talks and bring the nuclear issue on
the Korean Peninsula back to a track of dialogue and consultation, a senior
Chinese diplomat said Thursday.
Plane carrying Serbian PM lands safely after apparent malfunction
An airplane with Serbian Prime Minister Mirko Cvetkovic aboard landed safely
after returning to Belgrade after a warning light came on 15 minutes after
takeoff, officials said.
Eurozone industrial producer prices up by 0.4 percent in October
Industrial producer prices in the euro zone rose by 0.4 percent in October,
compared with the previous month, the European Union (EU)'s statistics bureau
Eurostat said on Thursday.
Swedish Supreme Court upholds detention order for WikiLeaks
founder
The Swedish Supreme Court on Thursday upheld a court order to detain WikiLeaks
founder Julian Assange for questioning over allegations of rape and sexual
molestation.
Eurozone economic recovery slows in 3rd Quarter
Economic recovery in the eurozone slowed in the third quarter as investment and
exports both lost steam, according to official figures released Thursday.
Russia ready to join emergency talks on Korean Peninsula
situation
Russia said Thursday that it was ready to join the emergency six-party
consultations on the situation in the Korean Peninsula.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 2
At least five people were killed in a huge fire that broke out early Thursday in
the Carmel mountain range overlooking Israel's northern port city of Haifa,
local source told Xinhua.
Cable-car line brings more tourists to Armenian World Heritage
Site
Cable-car service has greatly increased the number of visitors to Armenia's
World Heritage Site of Tatev Monastery, according to news reaching here on
Thursday.
Cold snap affects traffic, power supply across France
Freezing temperatures and heavy snow that has wreaked havoc in much of Europe
this week has also caused delays and cancellations to flights, trains and road
traffic across France.
Australia opens World Cup track cycling series with double gold
Australia on Thursday won two gold medals on day one of the World Cup track
cycling series, which is held at Melbourne's Hisense Arena in Australia.
Ronaldo places his own money against rival
Corinthians striker Ronaldo admitted on Thursday that he is placing his own
money against the team facing his rival in the title of this year's Brazilian
Championship.
England lose 2018 World Cup bid with two votes only
England became the opening round loser with two votes only in the bidding for
the 2018 World Cup which went to Russia on Thursday.
Internacional ends Brazilian Championship with 3-0 win
With his starting line-up for the Club World Cup, head coach Celso Roth of
Internacional led his team to a 3-0 victory on Thursday against home team Gremio
Prudente in the 38th and last round of the Brazilian Championship.
Uberlandia beats Vitoria 83-68 in Brazilian basketball
On the road, Uberlandia defeated Vitoria 83-68 on Thursday in the fifth round of
the New Brazilian Basketball league, the NBB.
Bauru ties Franca in quarterfinals of S.P. basketball
Bauru basketball team beat Franca 82-78 in Game 2 of the quarterfinals of the
Sao Paulo state championship on Thursday.
Roundup: Australian fans disappointed for losing bid to host 2022
World Cup
By Vienna Ma
Indonesia's Asian Games medalists aim for a gold rush
Indonesia's Asian Games medalists are not drowning in a pool of euphoria from
their victories and resulting bonuses. Instead, they have their eyes fixed on
their next targets, including All England crown victories and gold medals at the
2011 Southeast Asian (SEA) Games, the Jakarta Post reported on Thursday.
Indonesia beats Malaysia in preliminary round of soccer match
Indonesian soccer team on Wednesday evening beat Malaysia in a preliminary round
of soccer match Suzuki Cup of ASEAN Football Federation 2010 5-1, paving the way
to entering semifinal, Kompas daily reported on Thursday.
Feature: A lucky change of horse in mid-river for Georgian Lelos?
by Gaochao Yi
Nigerian coach promises to reform Super Eagles
New Super Eagles head coach Samson Siasia on Wednesday in Abuja promised to
bring about a new Super Eagles team that would satisfy the yearnings of all
Nigerians.
HK sends 13 athletes to Muscat Asian Beach Games
Hong Kong, China will send 13 athletes to participate in the 2nd Asian Beach
Games in Muscat, Oman, the sports authority announced here on Thursday.
Soldado aims to make former club, Madrid, suffer on Saturday
Valencia striker Roberto Soldado aims to make his former club suffer when
Valencia visit Real Madrid' s Santiago Bernabeu stadium on Saturday night.
Monreal: we have to make Barca feel uncomfortable
Being the next side to face FC Barcelona looks to be an unenviable task after
events of the past two weeks, but Osasuna defender Nacho Monreal is optimistic
his team can make the BBVA Primera Liga leaders suffer.
Vietnamese delegation departs for 2010 Asian Para Games
A departure ceremony for the Vietnamese sports delegation heading for the 2010
Asian Para Games in Guangzhou, China was held here on Thursday.
Iceland' s strongest woman is a mother of four
Thora Thorsteinsdottir, a roentgen technician, zone therapist and mother of four
from Stoksevri, South Iceland, recently won the title of Iceland' s Strongest
Woman in a weightlifting competition, according to a report reaching here from
Reykjavik on Thursday.
Russian FM positive on World Soccer Cup bid
Russia's bid to host 2018 World Cup is high on the FIFA's list and has all
chances to succeed, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told Moscow's Sport
Express daily Thursday.
Rain forced early end to Sri Lanka, West Indies final Test second
day
The rain forced an early end to the second day of the final Test between cricket
teams of Sri Lanka and the West Indies at five for 244.
Kenya' s women volleyball team to select best players
Kenya Prisons head coach David Lung' aho said there will be no favourites during
the World Club Championship which starts in Doha on Dec. 14.
China's national football team prepares for Asian Cup in S. China
Chinese national football team has started the winter training session on
Thursday in Haikou, capital of south China's Hainan Province, preparing for the
Asian Cup next January.
Cesar Cielo collects more records and medals at Open
Brazilian swimmer and world record holder Cesar Cielo won another gold medal on
Thursday, this time at the Open Tournament in the interior Sao Paulo city of
Guaratingueta.
China exposes 31 websites for selling fake drugs
China's drug watchdog has exposed 31 websites in an ongoing crackdown on the
illegal selling of drugs on the Internet.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 2
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 2:
Chinese vice premier stresses ocean resources development,
protection
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang Thursday called for more efforts to tap ocean
resources and protect the ocean's environment.
Former Taiwan leader sent to prison for corruption
Former Taiwan leader Chen Shui-bian was sent to the Taipei Prison to serve his
imprisonment sentence Thursday afternoon.
All 7 miners trapped in central China mine flood dead: rescuers
All the seven miners trapped in a flooded coal mine in central China's Hunan
Province Tuesday were found dead early Friday, rescuers said.
Chinese shares open higher Friday
Chinese shares opened higher Friday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
opening 0.11 percent up at 2,846.72.
ChiNext Index opens slightly lower Friday
ChiNext stocks declined 0.67 points to open at 1,177.17 points on Friday.
China stock index futures open higher Friday
China's stock index futures opened higher Friday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, opened 3.2 points higher at 3,179.8.
China's yuan advances to 6.6605 per USD Friday
The value of yuan gained as the central parity rate of renminbi, or China's
currency yuan, was set at 6.6605 per U.S. dollar Friday, compared with
Thursday's 6.6691, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange
Trading System.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 10 HK dollars to open at 12,890 HK dollars
per tael on Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Urgent: China's grain output rises 2.9 pct in 2010
China's grain output rose 2.9 percent year on year in 2010 to 546.41 million
tonnes, the National Bureau of Statistics said Friday.
Hong Kong stocks open up 0.46 pct
Hong Kong stocks moved up 106.98 points, or 0.46 percent, to open at 23,555.76
on Friday.
China Focus: Netizen discloses bunny-crushing ring, experts
calling for legislation
A netizen posted his chat messages online to disclose the commercial operation
behind the bunny- crushing video, again bringing to the forefront the issue
which earlier infuriated much of the Chinese public.
Cold wave to hit north China, temperature drops expected
A cold wave will hit northern parts of China over the next two days with
temperatures likely to drop 6 to 12 degrees Celsius, said the National
Meteorological Center (NMC) Friday.
Crane collapse kills 2, injures 9 in east China
Two people died and nine others were injured when a crane collapsed at a
construction site in east China's Zhejiang Province early Friday, local
authorities said.
Chinese shares close lower on midday Friday
Chinese equities ended lower on midday Frisday, with the benchmark Shanghai
Composite Index down 0.47 percent, or 13.32 points, to 2,830.29 in the morning
session.
China Exclusive: Tribal tourism luring Alishan girls home
by Xinhua Writer Guo Likun
Urgent: Chinaese train refreshes speed record in trial use
China's high-speed train broke a world operation speed record on Friday during
its trial service, the Ministry of Railways said.
Chinese charity groups face hardships in information
transparency: report
Chinese charity groups have been experiencing many difficulties in releasing
donation information -- though they would like to do it, a recent survey has
found.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.90 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 208.94 points, or 0.90 percent to close Thursday's
morning session at 23,458.74 points.
China's grain output rises 2.9 pct in 2010
China's National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said Friday that the country's grain
output rose 2.9 percent year on year in 2010 to 546.41 million tonnes.
Urgent: China says Russia supports emergency six-party
consultations
China said Thursday that Russia had expressed support for emergency six-party
consultations on the Korean Peninsula situation.
Urgent: China refutes criticisms on efforts for emergency six-
party consultations
China on Thursday refuted criticisms on its efforts for emergency six-party
consultations.
1st LD: China refutes criticisms on efforts for emergency six-
party consultations
China on Thursday refuted criticisms on its efforts for emergency six-party
consultations.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.77 pct
Taiwan's share prices closed higher for fourth straight session Thursday with
the weighted index up 65.66 points, or 0.77 percent, to close at 8,585.77,
according to news reaching here from Taipei.
China stock index futures close up -- Dec. 2
China's stock index futures closed up Thursday with the contract for December,
the most actively traded, up 0.51 percent from the previous trading day to end
at 3,167.8 points.
Shanghai stock indices close up -- Dec. 2
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,843.61 Thursday, up 20.16 points, or 0.71 percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices close up -- Dec. 2
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ended at 12,409.02
points on Thursday, up 98.64 points, or 0.80 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec. 2
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,155.06 points Thursday, up 19.04 points, or 0.61
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 2
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1,
edged up 0.67 points, or 0.06 percent, to close at 1,177.84 on Thursday.
2nd LD: China refutes criticisms on efforts for emergency six-
party consultations
China on Thursday refuted criticisms on its efforts for emergency six-party
consultations on the Korean Peninsula situation.
Cave-in hampers efforts to rescue 7 miners trapped in flooded
central China coal  mine
A cave-in at a flooded coal mine in central China's Hunan Province Thursday has
hampered efforts to rescue seven trapped miners.
China Focus: Man detained for alleged libel released amid public
furor
A man who exposed an employment scandal involving an official's son was detained
for more than a week on libel charges but was released late Wednesday amid
public anger that flooded Chinese media this week.
1st Ld-Writethru: China's stocks end higher, track U.S. market
gains
Chinese stocks closed higher Thursday after Wall Street gained overnight on the
back of good private sector job figures.
Hong Kong stocks close 0.86 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 198.98 points, or 0.86 percent, at 23,448.78 on
Thursday.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close 0.86 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks performed strongly on Thursday, with the weighted index going
up 198.98 points or 0.86 percent to close at 23,448.78.
3rd LD-Writethru: China refutes criticisms on efforts for
emergency six-party consultations
China on Thursday refuted criticisms on its efforts for emergency six-party
consultations on the Korean Peninsula situation.
Heavy snow closed airport, highways in northeast China
Heavy snow blanketed northeast China Thursday, forcing authorities to close an
airport and several highways.
Building foundations in mudslide-devastated NW China county to be
reinforced by year  end
China plans to reinforce the foundations of buildings in mudslide-devastated
Zhouqu County in northwest China's Gansu Province by the end of 2010, to ensure
displaced residents can return home for the New Year.
Commentary: Differentiation offers solution to move climate
change talks forward
by Xinhua writers Fu Shuangqi, Meng Na
China says ties with Norway affected by Nobel Committee's
decision to award peace  prize to Chinese criminal
China said Thursday its relations with Norway had been affected by the Oslo-
based Nobel Committee's decision to grant this year's Nobel Peace Prize to
convicted Chinese criminal Liu Xiaobo.
China's first snowmobile raceway opens in "City of Ice"
China's first snowmobile raceway opened Thursday in northeast China's Harbin
City, also known as "City of Ice."
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec.2
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 2:
Chinese defense minister meets Surinamese military delegation
Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie met a Surinamese military delegation
headed by Surinam's defense minister, Lamure Latour, in Beijing Thursday.
HK's flat sales rise 31.5 pct in November
Nearly 16,000 sale and purchase agreements for all building units were received
for registration in November, up 31.5 percent from October and 42.7 percent from
November last year, Hong Kong's Land Registry said on Thursday.
China, Russia pledge to strengthen legislative ties
China and Russia pledged Thursday to strengthen ties between their legislative
bodies.
China economic news in brief: Home prices in Shenzhen fall; Fund
assets at 3 tln  yuan; South East Motor sales
The following are three Chinese economic news items in brief:
Senior CPC leader pledges to further ties with France
A senior leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC) vowed Thursday to enhance
mutual political trust with France.
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong -- Dec. 2
The gold price in Hong Kong closed down 38 HK dollars at 12,870 HK dollars per
tael on Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index up 1.06 pct -- Dec. 2
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange rose
137.55 points, or 1.06 percent, to close Thursday's trading at 13087.40.
Developed nations should share experience in reducing greenhouse
gas emissions: Raffarin
Former French prime minister Jean- Pierre Raffarin said Thursday developed
countries should share their experience and technologies in reducing greenhouse
gas emissions with developing countries.
Tibet power grid to link with national network in 2012
A multi-billion dollar project to connect the power grid in Tibet to the one in
the rest of China will be completed by 2012, ensuring a steady supply of
electricity to the plateau region.
China to beef up support for major cultural enterprises: vice
minister
The Chinese government will increase its support for major cultural enterprises
in a bid to boost the development of the country's cultural sector, Vice
Cultural Minister Ouyang Jian said Thursday.
American-born translator bestowed Lifetime Achievement Award in
China
Sidney Shapiro, an American-born translator of Chinese literary works, received
the Lifetime Achievement Award in Translation by the Translators Association of
China (TAC) here Thursday.
Chinese with disabilities may exceed 100 million in five years:
expert
The number of people with disabilities in China could exceed 100 million by the
end of 2015, predicted a researcher here on Wednesday.
China's gold investment demand expected to reach 150 tonnes in
2010
China's demand for investment in gold is expected to reach 150 tonnes in 2010,
said an official with the World Gold Council (WGC) on Thursday in Shanghai.
China cultural news in brief: Tibetan festival; dinosaur fossil;
ancient palace
The following are highlights of China's cultural news reported Thursday.
China cracks cross-border prostitution gang, 15 women saved from
Africa
Chinese police apprehended a prostitution gang which smuggled women from China
to the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), and saved 15 women, said the
Ministry of Public Security here Thursday.
China Focus: China strives to promote employment of disabled
people
A job that pays 1,600 yuan (240 U.S. dollars) per month will not satisfy most
people in major Chinese cities. But it gives the two things disabled Wang Hua
wants: the dignity of independence and food for his family.
East China province to relocate 390,000 residents for river
control
East China's Anhui Province will relocate 390,000 residents living near the
Huaihe River, one of the flood-prone rivers in China, in the next five years,
officials said Thursday.
China to further boost solar energy application
China's four central government departments said on Thursday the country will
further boost solar energy use.
Urgent: China expects Washington trilateral meeting to ease
tensions on Korean Peninsula
China on Thursday said it expected a trilateral meeting in Washington next week
to ease tensions on the Korean Peninsula, promote dialogue rather than inflame
the situation.
1st Ld-Writethru: China expects Washington trilateral meeting to
ease tensions on  Korean Peninsula
China on Thursday said it expected a trilateral meeting in Washington next week
to ease tensions on the Korean Peninsula, promote dialogue rather than inflame
the situation.
China builds national IPTV network
China has built a national platform network for online television program
broadcasts, according to a statement released Thursday by the State
Administration of Radio, Film and Television.
East China to use helicopters to crack down on illegal bird
hunting
Authorities in east China's Jiangxi Province said Thursday they had begun an
investigation, which will include using helicopters, to eliminate giant nets for
illegal hunting of migrant birds on Poyang Lake, China's largest freshwater
lake.
Xinhua Insight: Chinese workers draw world's attention for their
fortitude, again
With a mask to protect himself from the heat, Shi Jiliang stares intently at a
thermometer as he adjusts a valve on a candy-making machine every couple of
minutes.
Chinese medicine registration law to be launched in HK
The legislation under the Chinese Medicine Ordinance concerning the mandatory
registration of proprietary Chinese medicines will come into force on Dec. 3 as
an additional legal measure to protect public health, said the Hong Kong
Department of Health on Thursday.
Wind blows away Beijing's murky haze but not pollutants
The sky appears blue, but the air remains polluted, Beijing's environmental
watchdog ruled Thursday as strong winds blew away the murky haze that shrouded
China's capital for days.
Roundup: Regional security, development to feature in GCC summit
by Zhang Lin, He Yiping
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 3
At least 20 Iranian pilgrims were killed and up to 40 people wounded when two
buses collided near a marketplace in south of Baghdad on Friday, the police
said.
Turkey sends two fire fighting planes to Israel
Turkey sent two fire fighting airplanes to Israel on Friday after a fire erupted
in Haifa city on Thursday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
Urgent: 20 Iranian pilgrims killed in bus crash in south of
Baghdad
At least 20 Iranian pilgrims were killed and up to 40 people wounded when two
buses collided near a marketplace in south of Baghdad on Friday, the police
said.
1st LD: 20 Iranian pilgrims killed in bus crash in south of
Baghdad
At least 20 Iranian pilgrims were killed and up to 40 people wounded when two
buses collided near a marketplace in south of Baghdad on Friday, the police
said.
Turkey's inflation continues to ease in Nov.
Turkey's inflation rate continued to decrease in November as official data
showed Friday a 7.3 percent year-on-year rise in the consumer price index (CPI),
the main gauge of inflation.
Israeli fire wounds local worker near Gaza border
Israeli shootings on Palestinians near Gaza's borders continued Friday, wounding
one local worker collecting gravel in northern Gaza Strip.
Business organizations of Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Jordan to carry
out joint projects
Business organizations from Turkey, Syria, Lebanon and Jordan Friday adopted an
action plan to carry out joint projects to facilitate the integration of the
four economies, local media reported on Saturday.
Israeli PM appreciates Turkey's help to put out forest fire
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Friday appreciated Turkey for sending
two fire fighting planes to put out the forest fire in Israel, the semi-official
Anatolia news agency reported.
Turkey reiterates NATO missile shield should not take any country
as threat
Turkish National Defense Minister Vecdi Gonul Friday reiterated Turkey's
opposition to regarding any specific country as a threat to the NATO missile
defense system, local media reported.
Historic fire continues ravaging northern Israel
A massive wildfire is still ravaging northern Israel on Friday, which claimed 41
lives and destroyed an area of over 30 square km in less than two days.
Yemen-based al-Qaida claims killing Houthi rebel leader
The Yemen-based al-Qaida militants claimed on Friday that they killed Bader al-
Deen al-Houthi, the spiritual leader of the northern Shiite rebel group, in a
car bombing attack on Nov. 24 targeting the Shiite rebels' convoy in northern
Yemeni province of Al-Jouf.
Separate fires break out while firefighting continues in northern
Israel
As firefighters were battling to extinguish flames along the Carmel mountain
ridge overlooking northern Israel's Haifa on Friday, fires broke out in Kiryat
Bialik and Kiryat Tivon, small towns in the region.
News Analysis: Hamas' call for referendum in case of making peace
with Israel indicates flexibility
by Osma Radi, Omer Othmani
Roundup: Historic forest fire continues ravaging northern Israel
by Yuan Zhenyu, Gur Salomon
Feature: Northern Israel's devastating blaze: "feels worse than a
war"
by Gur Salomon
Urgent: S.Korean President approves FTA agreement with U.S.
South Korean President on Saturday approved the South Korea-U.S. free trade
agreement (FTA), saying that it will "bring huge economic benefits for both",
according to Seoul's presidential office Cheong Wa Dae.
Meat plant extensively damaged by fire in New Zealand
A farm meat processing plant in New Zealand North Island's Waikato region was
extensively damaged by fire on Friday night.
1st LD Writethru: S.Korean President calls for early ratification
of FTA with U.S.
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak on Saturday called for early ratification
of a free trade agreement (FTA) between Seoul and Washington reached on Friday,
noting it will "bring huge economic benefits for both", according to Seoul's
presidential office Cheong Wa Dae.
S. Korea formally appoints new defense minister
Kim Kwan-jin, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS), was formally
appointed as South Korea 's new Defense Minister on Saturday, after he passed a
confirmation hearing in parliament Friday, according to Seoul's presidential
office Cheong Wa Dae.
2nd LD Writethru: S.Korean President calls for early ratification
of FTA with U.S.
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak on Saturday called for early ratification
of a new free trade agreement (FTA) between Seoul and Washington reached on
Friday, noting it will "bring huge economic benefits for both", according to
Seoul's presidential office Cheong Wa Dae.
One killed as leftist rebels storm gold mine in southern
Philippines
Suspected leftist rebels attacked a mining company and killed a security guard
in the southern Philippines, police and military officials said Saturday.
Gunmen kill policeman, wound another in southern Philippines
A policeman was killed and his colleague wounded when gunmen attacked them in a
southern Philippine city early on Saturday, police said.
Nepal proposes mechanism to replace UN mission
Despite strong objection from the opposition Unified Communist Party of Nepal
(Maoist)(UCPN-M), Nepali government has passed on to the United Nations a
proposal advocating a mechanism of ex-army men to take up United Nationas
Mission in Nepal (UNMIN)'s responsibilities relating to supervision of former
Maoist combatants, local media reported on Saturday.
Nepal seeks free power market deal with India
Nepali government has forwarded the Electricity Trade Agreement dossier to India
seeking a free power market.
Cook Islands PM announces cabinet line-up
Cook Islands' new Prime Minister Henry Puna has  allocated the portfolios among
his five ministers, Radio New Zealand International reported on Saturday.
ASEAN disabled calls to stop discrimination
Southeast Asian Nations have been asked to boost efforts to end discrimination
against people with disabilities, as part of efforts to achieve the Millennium
Development Goals (MDGs), media reported here Friday.
Torture video of Papuan men renews tension between Indonesia,
Australia: media
A torture video showing Indonesian troops attacking two Papuan men has been
causing renewed tension between Indonesia and Australia, local media reported on
Friday.
S. Korea's defense minister nominee pledges air raid on DPRK in
case of further provocation
South Korea's defense chief nominee said Friday South Korea will respond with an
air raid to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) in case of further
aggression by the wartime enemy.
First annual world eco-safety general assembly opened in Cambodia
Cambodia opened first annual world eco-safety general assembly on Friday for
hundreds of  leaders and stakeholders who are coming from various corners in the
region.
Asian property expected to resume despite cooling moves
Returns in Asia property market may slacken in 2011, but beyond that price
growth is expected to resume.
Four more FAM outbreak reported in S.Korea
South Korea on Friday reported four more outbreak of foot-and-mouth (FAM)
disease in a southeastern city, raising the total number of cases associated
with the latest outbreak of the disease to nine.
Australian inland towns in New South Wales isolated in flood
Australia's inland town Parkes in central western New South Wales (NSW), with a
population of about 10,000, has been isolated by floodwaters and areas of both
the state's south and north are facing possible evacuations, said the State
Emergency Service (SES) on Friday.
Thai gov't not to stop people from joining rallies
The Thai authorities will not stop people from participating in planned
political rallies this month, the Interior Minister said on Friday.
Experts recommend slashing of taxes for Singapore
Tax experts have suggested Singapore slash personal income tax rates if it wants
to attract more top talent and share its economic success with local workers,
local media reported Friday.
S. Korea to mention recent trade of fire in defense white paper
South Korea will mention the recent artillery bombardment by the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on a South Korean border island in its
biennial defense white paper, the defense ministry here said Friday.
Seoul's current account surplus stands at 7th place in OECD
South Korea's current account for 2010 will likely post the world's seventh-
largest surplus thanks to robust exports, a report showed Friday.
5 killed, 25 injured in road mishap in eastern India
At least five people were killed and 25 others injured in a major road mishap in
the eastern Indian state of West Bengal Friday, said police.
Indonesia gets 200 mln USD loan to accelerate infrastructure
investment
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide a 200-million-U.S. dollar loan to
Indonesia for an ongoing program to remove obstacles on infrastructure
investment, the Jakarta Post quoted an official as saying on Friday.
Kidnapped Dutch aid worker in Afghanistan released: official
A Dutch aid worker and his Afghan driver kidnapped more than a month ago in
northern Afghanistan have been released, an NGO official said Friday.
Japanese stocks close slightly higher
Japanese stocks ended slightly higher Friday after hitting a six-month intraday
high.
Roundup: Philippine shares end week in positive
The Philippine stock market rallied further on Friday following the U.S.
market's gain on Thursday.
S. Korean banks' financial condition improves in Q3
South Korean banks' financial condition, measured under the Basel II regulation,
improved in the third quarter, as their equity capital increased and risk-
weighted assets declined, the financial watchdog said Friday.
Fijian PM stresses education's critical role in nation building
Suva, Dec. 3 (Xinhua) -- Fijian Prime Minister Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama
Friday highlighted education's "critical role" in nation building, saying his
government was committed and engaged in the improvement and upgrading of the
country's educational sector.
Property investments up significantly in Asia Pacific: Survey
Investment volumes are increasing in the region, with property transaction
volumes for Asia Pacific hitting 18.2 billion U.S. dollars in the third quarter
of the year, local media reported on Friday.
Sri Lanka protests alleged international conspiracies
The Sri Lankan government here on Friday held street protests against what it
alleged international conspiracies against its President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
Thailand among bases for passport forgery: Deputy PM
Thai Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thuagsuban said Friday that Thailand is among
the countries that the passport forgery gangs use as a base.
Philippines to enter 18-day truce with leftist rebels for
Christmas
The Philippine government plans to enter into an 18-day truce with the New
People's Army (NPA) to celebrate the Christmas season, an official said on
Friday.
Australia ranked 17 in OECD countries on gender equality index
Australia lags behind most developed countries in gender equality, a latest
report comparing gender equality policies between different countries showed on
Friday.
Chinese frigate Xiangfan arrives in Vietnam for friendly visit
The guided-missile frigate Xiangfan of the Navy of the Chinese People's
Liberation Army arrived in Vietnam's central Danang city Friday for a friendly
visit after conducting a China-Vietnam joint naval patrol.
Sri Lankan reconciliation committee makes progress
Sri Lanka's Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission (LLRC) has made
progress and would conclude its sittings in six months, the parliament was told
Friday.
Roundup: S. Korea's defense minister-designate shows his tough
side
South Korea's next defense chief in the making showed his tough side Friday as
the country reels from the latest clash with the Democratic People's Republic of
Korea last week.
Cambodia could earn more from local processing of cashew: study
Cambodia's cashew industry could earn an additional 30 million to 40 million
U.S. dollars a year and benefit poorer farmers if more processing is done
locally, according to a new study released on Friday.
370 cardboard workers in Australia continue to go on strike
Almost 400 workers at Visy cardboard manufacturing sites in Australia, on Friday
voted to continue to go on strike during an ongoing enterprise bargaining
dispute.
ASEAN, China extend lecture cooperation program
Officials at the ASEAN (Association of South East Asia Nations) Secretariat
expected that the annual lecture program delivered by Chinese scholars for ASEAN
staffs and officials would be conducted permanently every year after it was
commenced since 2008, a Chinese scholar said here on Friday.
Roundup: S. Korean shares end higher on continued foreign buying
Seoul shares closed higher Friday thanks to continued foreign buying, local
analysts said.
Dollar edges down in upper 83 yen range in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar edged down in the upper 83 yen level Friday in Tokyo.
Singapore shares end 0.8 pct lower
The shares prices in Singapore fell 25.52 points or 0.8 percent on Friday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,172.44 points.
Roundup: Nikkei rises 0.10 pct on U.S. housing, consumer data;
market eyes jobs report
Tokyo stocks closed higher Friday, with the key Nikkei stock index rising 0.10
percent as further economic data from the U.S. boosted investor sentiment and
confidence that the global economic recovery was back on track, although there
was some caution as the market waited for the highly anticipated jobs report due
out from the U.S. later on Friday.
Roundup: Vietnam's gold prices stay stable
Vietnam's average gold prices closed at 36.3 million Vietnamese dong (1,862 U.S.
dollars) a tael, equivalent to 1.2 ounce, on Friday, posting no change against
the previous trading session.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 3
The Vanuatu parliament has approved a motion to oust Prime Minister Edward
Natapei.
Thai "red-shirts" confirm to rally on Dec. 10
The anti-government "red-shirt" group will certainly hold a gathering on the
Thai Constitution Day on December 10 as planned, a "red-shirt" spokesman said on
Friday.
ADB to provide Cambodia 15 mln USD for financial sector
development
The Asian Development Bank Board of Directors has approved a loan and grant of
15  million U.S. dollars to Cambodia to promote the development of a sound,
market- based financial sector, according to its press release on Friday.
Indian stocks close down 0.13 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex declined 25.77 points, or 0.13 percent Friday
on Indian monetary tightening concerns in 2011.
UN under-secretary general arrives in Nepal
B Lynn Pascoe, the United Nations Under-Secretary General for Political Affairs,
arrived in the Nepali capital Kathmandu on Friday for a two-day visit.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific summary of stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 3
The Philippine market closed 0.66 percent higher Friday.
AIDS victims in Myanmar to get double treatment aid from global
fund
AIDS victims in Myanmar will get double treatment aid in terms of medicine
provided by the Global Fund (GF) which is to return to Myanmar next year more
than five years after it suspended its assistance to the country, the local
weekly 7-Day News quoted an official of the UNAIDS as reporting Friday.
Malaysia's October exports up 1.3 pct
Malaysia's exports in October increased by 1.3 percent to 54.98 billion ringgit
(17.74 billion U. S. dollars) compared with the same month in 2009.
News Analysis: Is drone a makeshift replacement for pending North
Waziristan operation?
By Syed Moazzam Hashmi
Roundup: Malaysia unveils conclusion of economic transformation
The Malaysian government launched the concluding part of its New Economic Model
(NEM) in the country 's federal administration here on Friday, spelling out
strategic reform initiatives (SRIs) for the government's consideration.
Malaysian government cuts subsidies on necessities
The Malaysian government announced the reduction of subsidies of four subsidized
items here on Friday in line with its long term strategy to gradually
rationalize the benefit that has been in place for decades.
Roundup: Myanmar continues to enhance archaeological work
By Feng Yingqiu
Asian political parties meeting ends with Phnom Penh Declaration
and Angkor Resolution
The 6th General Assembly of International Conference of Asian Political Parties
(ICAPP) wrapped up on Friday in Phnom Penh with the adoption of Phnom Penh
Declaration and the Angkor Resolution of World Eco-Safety.
Roundup: Pakistan KSE hits new 29-month peak above 11,400
Equities at Pakistan's Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) witnessed yet another
remarkable bullish day on Friday with its main index hitting a fresh 29-month
highest point with considerable surge in volumes.
Pirates kill two state militias in S. Philippines
Pirates allegedly linked to the Abu Sayyaf group killed two government militias
of a fishing company on Friday in the southern Philippines, police said.
Singapore firms urged to tap business opportunities in China
As more Singapore small and medium enterprises (SMEs) make inroads into the
Chinese market, they can tap business opportunities in China in a number of
ways, Singapore Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong said here on Friday.
MILF rebels welcome Malaysia's interest in extending peace
monitors' stay in S. Philippines
Rebels in the southern Philippines welcomed late Friday Malaysia's interest in
extending their peace monitors' stay in the Philippines' restive south.
Malaysia, Indonesia sign pact on terrorism fighting
The Malaysian and Indonesian police signed an agreement here to strengthen the
bilateral relationship and coordination in terrorism fighting.
4 wounded in blast in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Four people were wounded Thursday night in a mysterious bomb blast in a village
in Indian-controlled Kashmir, police said Friday.
Discounts on summonses leave police stations crowded
Traffic police stations in Malaysia were deluged with motorists on Friday
following the recent announcement by the authority that offers 50 percent
discount on traffic summonses.
Urgent: US President Obama arrives in Afghanistan's capital city
Kabul: local TV
U.S. President Barack Obama arrived here Friday for an unannounced visit to
Afghanistan to meet with U. S. troops and hold talks with Afghan President Hamid
Karzai, local television reported.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 3
The anti-government "red-shirt" group will certainly hold a gathering on the
Thai Constitution Day on December 10 as planned, a "red-shirt" spokesman said on
Friday.
India backs peaceful negotiations to resolve differences in
Korean peninsula
India Friday said it supports peaceful negotiations and not force to resolve
differences in the Korean peninsula, reported the Press Trust of India.
1st LD: US President Obama pay surpass visit to Afghanistan
U.S. President Barack Obama arrived Friday in the Bagram military base, 50
kilometers north of Afghanistan's capital Kabul.
2nd LD Writethru: US President Obama pays surprise visit to
Afghanistan
U.S. President Barack Obama arrived Friday in the Bagram Air Base, 50 kilometers
north of Afghanistan' s capital Kabul.
Roundup: Cote d'Ivoire Constitutional Council rejects election
results
Cote d'Ivoire's Constitutional Council has declared "invalid" the provisional
results of the Nov. 28 presidential run-off, which showed Alassane Ouattara
turned out the winner.
Roundup: Guinea's Supreme Court confirms Conde as presidential
winner
Guinea's Supreme Court on Thursday confirmed Alpha Conde as the winner of the
Nov. 7 presidential election run-off.
Urgent: Kenyan police vehicle explodes
A Kenyan police vehicle exploded on Friday when an unknown man hurled an
explosive device believed to be a grenade in Nairobi's residential estate.
1st LD: Kenyan police vehicle explodes
A Kenyan police vehicle exploded on Friday when an unknown man hurled an
explosive device believed to be a grenade in Nairobi's residential estate.
2nd LD: Kenyan police vehicle explodes, 1 officer dead
At least one police officer was killed as a Kenyan police vehicle exploded on
Friday when an unknown man hurled an explosive device believed to be a grenade
in Nairobi's residential estate.
Mauritania's opposition party joins ruling party
Mauritania's Development and Democracy Party (PNDD-ADIL) on Thursday announced
that it had completely pulled out of the Coordination of Democratic Opposition
(COD) and decided to join the ruling party, according to official sources.
UNICEF calls for universal access to HIV prevention and
protection
The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) has canvassed universal access to
HIV prevention, treatment and protection from stigmatization.
Mozambique reports 337 mln USD in education deficit
The Mozambican Education Ministry is facing a deficit of 337 million U. S.
dollars for the period up to 2013, which could seriously compromise the quality
of education, according to Education Minister Zeferino Martins.
24 mln USD airport project handed over to Gambia
MA Kharafi &amp; Sons Company on Friday handed over one of Africa's longest
airport runway projects to the Gambia Civil Aviation Agency (GCAA).
Roundup: South Africa goes ahead with nuclear energy plan
by Emmanuel Tjiya
Lesotho appoints first female public protector
Lesotho has appointed the first female ombudsman, who started serving in her new
role on Dec. 1, according to an official statement released on Friday.
Urgent: Guinean presidential candidate Diallo concedes defeat
Guinean presidential candidate Cellou Dalein Diallo has conceded defeat in the
Nov. 7 run-off after the Supreme Court confirmed his rival Alpha Conde won the
race.
1st LD: Guinean presidential candidate Diallo concedes defeat
Guinean presidential candidate Cellou Dalein Diallo has conceded defeat in the
Nov. 7 run-off one day after the Supreme Court confirmed his rival Alpha Conde
won the race.
Top South African lawyer quits UK tourist murder case
The case of the British honeymoon tourist murdered in South Africa on Nov. 13
took a new turn on Friday when the South African lawyer representing her widow
Shrien Dewani withdrew.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's Ouattara not to accept constitutional
council's rejection of election victory: media
Cote d'Ivoire's former prime minister, presidential candidate Alasssane Ouattara
will not accept the constitutional council's rulings, which stated that his
election victory announced by the electoral commission was not legally valid,
media reports said on Friday.
East African leaders hold summit on food security, climate change
The 12th Summit of the East African Community (EAC) Heads of State on Friday was
opened to discuss the annual progress report of the Council of Ministers on
regional peace and security, food security and climate change.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Ouattara not to accept constitutional
council's rejection of election victory: media
Cote d'Ivoire's former prime minister, presidential candidate Alasssane Ouattara
will not accept the constitutional council's rulings, which stated that his
election victory announced by the electoral commission was not legally valid,
media reports said on Friday.
8 killed in fresh attack in Nigeria's Plateau State
The Nigerian military in northern Plateau has said eight persons were killed in
a fresh attack in Kwal village of the state on Thursday.
2nd LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Ouattara not to accept constitutional
council's rejection of election victory: media
Cote d'Ivoire's former prime minister, presidential candidate Alasssane Ouattara
will not accept the constitutional council's rulings, which stated that his
election victory announced by the electoral commission was not legally valid,
media reports said on Friday.
Urgent: President Gbagbo named as winner of presidentila run-off
by Cote d'Ivoire Constitutional  Council: media report
Cote d'Ivoire incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo was on Friday named by the
Constitutional Council as the winner of the presidential run-off, media report
said.
1st LD: Gbagbo named  winner of presidential run-off by Cote
d'Ivoire Constitutional  Council
Cote d'Ivoire incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo was on Friday named by the
Constitutional Council as the winner of the presidential run-off.
Kenyan vice president  says govt to resolve post-election
challenges
Kenyan Vice President Kalonzo Musyoka said on Friday the government is committed
to solving post- election challenges as it is the only way to achieve a united
country free from tribalism and attain accelerated development.
Roundup: Kenya says regional integration process to drive EAC
development
By Daniel Ooko
2nd LD Writethru: Gbagbo named  winner of presidential run-off by
Cote d'Ivoire Constitutional  Council
Cote d'Ivoire incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo was on Friday named by the
Constitutional Council as the winner of the presidential run-off.
UN says voting results announced by election commission valid as
protests abrupt in Cote d'Ivoire
UN's special envoy to Cote d'Ivoire Choi Young-Jin told journalists on Friday
that the voting results announced by the country's election commission on
Thursday was in line with the fact.
Another Kenyan policeman killed by gangsters in motorbike
Another Kenyan policeman was killed by gangsters in motorbike in Nairobi,
bringing to two the number of police officers killed on Friday.
Cote d'Ivoire presidential aide threatens to expel UN envoy:
media
A top aide to Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent president Laurent Gbagbo threatened to
expel the local UN envoy after he backed the opposition leader as winner of the
controversial presidential election, media reported on Friday.
News Analysis: EAC enters new era to deepen integration
by Guo Chunju
Russian stocks close up
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Friday with both key indexes higher for
a fourth consecutive trading day.
Finland to send warship to Somali coast against pirate attack
Finnish President Tarja Halonen has approved the deployment of a warship to the
Somali coast to take part in the European Union's anti-piracy operation, known
as Atalanta, according to the press release of Finnish Foreign Ministry on
Friday.
Urgent: Obama pays surprise visit to Afghanistan: CNN
U.S. President Barack Obama arrived in Afghanistan Friday on a surprise visit to
meet with U.S. troops, CNN reported.
U.S. factory orders drop 0.9 percent in October
New orders for U.S. manufactured goods declined in October after three
consecutive monthly increase, indicating the economic recovery remains bumpy,
the Commerce Department reported Friday.
1st LD Writethru: Obama pays surprise visit to Afghanistan: CNN
U.S. President Barack Obama arrived in Afghanistan Friday on a surprise visit to
meet with U.S. troops, CNN reported.
China remains open to initiatives on international nuclear fuel
bank
China remained open to initiatives on the establishment of an international
nuclear fuel bank , a senior Chinese diplomat said here Friday.  "The
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA should play an active role in
establishing such mechanism, on the prerequisite of maintaining its
independence, " said Hu Xiaodi, China's permanent representative and ambassador
to the United Nations and other international organizations in Vienna.  "China
is of the view that the establishment and operation of multilateral mechanism on
assurance of nuclear fuel supply involves complex political, economic, technical
and legal factors as well as practical interests of all Member States, " Hu told
a board meeting of IAEA.  Referring to an U.S. proposal on the establishment of
an IAEA low-enrichment uranium bank, Hu noted that some IAEA Member States still
had concerns on that proposal.  "The concerns of relevant states should be taken
into full consideration and resolved in order to seek the most extensive
support," Hu said. He also said that while the objective of preventing the
proliferation of nuclear weapons should be promoted, Member States ' right to
peaceful uses of nuclear energy should not be affected.
Wall Street rally pauses after disappointing jobs data
U.S. stocks slipped on Friday, with major indexes snapping a two-day winning
streak, as the monthly jobs report came in much weaker than expected.
GA president calls on international community to do utmost for
Haiti
The international community must do everything to help Haiti, the small
Caribbean country plagued by the outbreak of cholera in October after it was hit
by massive earthquake in January, as more than half of the world pledge are not
in place, the president of the UN General Assembly (GA), Joseph Deiss, said here
Friday.
UN chief hails conclusion of Guinea's presidential election
process
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Friday welcomed the conclusion of Guinea's
presidential election process following the certification by the Supreme Court
which confirmed the final results.
UN chief calls for immediate response to Haiti situation
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said here Friday that the international
community must scale up its support for Haiti, a country that is experiencing a
deadly cholera epidemic and political unrest in addition to the aftermath of a
massive earthquake that took place in January and a more recent hurricane.
Canada's unemployment rate falls to 7.6 percent in November
Due to a notable number of youths left the Labor market, Canada's unemployment
rate in November fell 0.3 percentage points to 7.6 percent, the lowest since
January 2009.
China supports new IAEA  strategy plan
China supported a new six-year strategy plan for the International Atomic Energy
Agency (IAEA), a Chinese diplomat said here on Friday
Urgent: U.S. puts off launch of Discovery till February
The launch of space shuttle Discovery will be belayed until February, the U.S.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) announced Friday.
London stock market closes lower
The London stock market closed lower on Friday with the leading FTSE 100 index
up by 22.24 points, or 0. 39 percent, at 5,745.32 points.
Greek surprised at Standard &amp; Poor's credit rating warning
The Greek Finance Ministry expressed "surprise" on Friday for Standard &amp;
Poor's (S&amp;P) warning for further downgrade of its  credit rating.
1st LD: U.S. puts off launch of Discovery till February
The launch of space shuttle Discovery will be belayed until February, the U.S.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) announced Friday.
UN chief calls for resumption of Israeli-Syrian talks
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Friday called for an early resumption of
the peace talks between Israel and Syria and recommended that the United Nations
force monitoring the cease-fire between the two countries on the Golan Heights
be extended for another six months.
Ronaldo requests reinforcements in Corinthians
Corinthians striker Ronaldo expressed the need for his team to hire another
striker for the 2011 season on Friday.
Russia, Qatar to prepare for World Cups together
Russia and Qatar will join efforts in preparation for the soccer World Cups in
2018 and 2022, Interfax news agency reported.
Davis Cup final -- Serbia 1, France 1
Following are the results from the Davis Cup final between Serbia and France at
the Belgrade Arena here on Friday:
U.S. panel fails to advance deficit-cutting plan to Congress
A bipartisan deficit control commission created by U.S. President Barack Obama
failed on Friday to win the supermajority required to force a quick vote in
Congress.
IAEA agrees to create international nuclear fuel bank
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) approved on Friday an U.S.
proposal on the establishment of a Low Enriched Uranium (LEU) Bank run by the
agency.
Asians in U.S. have highest proportions of Bachelor's, graduate
degrees: report
Asians as a whole in the United States have the highest proportions of
Bachelor's and Graduate degrees among all racial and ethnic groups, according to
a newly released report.
Progress has been made in Afghanistan but slow: Obama
U.S. President Barack Obama told U.S. troops Friday in the Bagram Air Base in
Afghanistan that progress has been made in Afghanistan but slow.
UN chief calls for efforts to empower disabled persons as part of
national MDG plans
On the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, commemorated here Friday,
UN Secretary- General Ban Ki-moon said that countries must take the needs of the
disabled into account when planning their work towards the Millennium
Development Goals (MDGs).
2nd LD Writethru: U.S. puts off launch of Discovery till February
The launch of space shuttle Discovery will be belayed until February, the U.S.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) announced Friday.
Air traffic controllers strike closes Spanish airports
A lightening strike by Spanish air traffic controllers has caused chaos in Spain
Friday.
California government accused of watering down toxic chemical
rules
Bowing to pressure from business and industry, California government has
significantly watered down proposed regulations to reduce toxic chemicals in
consumer products, it was reported on Friday.
World needs to scale up efforts for Haiti: Brazil
The international community has to strengthen its support for earthquake
ravaged, cholera plagued and politically restless Haiti, Brazilian UN Ambassador
Regina Dunlop said here on Friday.
World Bank debars Albanian company from projects for fraudulent
practices
The World Bank debarred an Albanian company for three years from its projects
after finding it had engaged in illegal practices and threatened to ask an
alliance of international banks to debar it from their projects, the World Bank
said on Friday.
UN chief shows support for Ivorian presidential election results
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon supports the certification of results of the
Nov. 28 runoff presidential election in Cote d'Ivoire, his spokesman, Martin
Nesirky said in a statement issued here Friday.
Electronic cigarettes pose health risks: study
Electronic cigarettes, which are increasingly used worldwide, are unsafe and
pose health risks, a new study suggests.
Real Madrid's Canales out for rest of 2010
Real Madrid midfielder Sergio Canales will be out of action for at least a month
with an ankle injury.
South African cricket cancels Gibbs' contract
Cricket South Africa (CSA) announced on Friday that the national contract  of
controversial player Herschelle Gibbs has been canceled  by mutual agreement.
McLaren gets South African cricket call-up
South African cricket all- rounder Ryan McLaren was on Friday called up for his
national side 's opening five-day Test match against India, starting on Dec. 16.
Urgent: Gold tops 1,400 USD on downbeat job data, weaker dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rocketed
higher on Friday, capping a 5-day winning streak, as the downbeat U.S.
employment data spurred investors to the perceived safe-haven of gold. Silver
surged to a fresh 30-year high.
EU activates emergency mechanism to combat Israel's forest fires
The European Union (EU) has activated its civil protection mechanism to assist
Israel in fighting forest fires, the European Commission said Friday.
EU ready to start talks with U.S. on data protection agreement
European Union (EU) Justice Ministers on Friday approved the start of talks with
the U.S. on a personal data protection agreement to fight terrorism or crime.
Brazil's President-elect announces three minister
The office of Brazil's President-elect Dilma Rousseff announced on Friday the
names of three more ministers of her cabinet.
EU imposes ban on mephedrone drug
Ecstasy-like drug mephedrone has been totally banned in the European Union (EU)
27 member states, European Commission announced Friday.
Gold tops 1,400 USD on downbeat job data, weaker dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rocketed
higher on Friday, capping a 5-day winning streak, as the downbeat U.S.
employment data spurred investors to the perceived safe-haven of gold. Silver
surged to a fresh 30-year high, and platinum also rallied.
Finland's leading national daily available on iPad
Helsingin Sanomat, Finland's leading national daily, is now available
conveniently on the iPad, Finnish media house Sanoma said in a statement Friday.
Interview: UN official sheds light on shadows of human
trafficking
by Laila Kabbaj
UN chief calls for extension of UN mission in Central African
Republic
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Friday asked the UN Security Council to
extend the mandate of the UN mission in the Central African Republic (BINUCA)
with another year to restore stability in the African country.
Urgent: Wall Street rises despite disappointing job data
Wall Street rose on Friday despite a U.S. government report showed that the
unemployment rate rose a seven-month high. All the major index were up less than
0.5 percent at the closing.
Parliaments have to ensure governments follow through on
commitments for MDGs: GA president
To achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), parliaments have to
ensure governments follow through on their commitments they have made, the
president of the General Assembly (GA), Joseph Deiss, stressed here Friday.
UN calls for compromise between nations
Christiana Figueres, executive secretary for the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC)  called for all nations to compromise on
the future of the Kyoto Protocol at a Friday press conference in Cancun, a
resort city on Mexico's Caribbean coast.
U.S. congratulates Conde for winning Guinea elections
U.S. State Department on Friday congratulated Alpha Conde for his winning in
Guinea's recent presidential elections.
Interview: Three points stand out in China's efforts to fight
against climate change: UNDP
by Xinhua writer Liu Lili and Ren Haijun
EU envoy accused of potentially inciting violence in Kosovo
Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremic on Friday accused Peter Feith, the European
Union's special representative in Kosovo, of making disturbing statements that
could be interpreted as support for violence, according to the Serbian news
agency Beta.
Serbia, France even in Davis Cup final play
Despite a late display of nerves, Novak Djokovic brought back to life Serbia's
bid for its first ever Davis Cup championship by defeating France's Gilles Simon
in straight sets, 6-3 6-1, 7-5 in the Belgrade Arena on Friday.
German Bundesliga results
Following is the German Bundesliga result on Friday:
1st LD Writethru: Wall Street rises despite disappointing jobs
data
Wall Street rose on Friday despite a U.S. government report showed that the
unemployment rate rose a seven-month high.
World Banks seeks to fight climate change in cities
Senior World Bank officials called for United Nations backed schemes to tackle
greenhouse gas emissions at a city and regional level, during a press conference
here on Friday.
Italian Serie A results
Following is the Italian Serie A result on Friday:
Chicago wheat hit 4-month high as excessive rains may damage
Australia crops
Chicago Wheat futures moved sharply higher Friday on mounting concerns that
record rain may seriously delay and destroy wheat crops in Australia, as well as
a weaker U. S. dollar. Corn and soybean both regained momentum.
"Now is the moment" for successful reunification talks on Cyprus:
UN chief
In a report released here Friday, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged Greek
and Turkish Cypriot leaders to seize the moment with regards to reunification
for fear that otherwise a "critical window of opportunity" may close.
U.S. rig count stands at 1,713
Rigs in the U.S. totaled 1713, up by 26 rigs from the previous week's rig count,
according to a weekly rig count released Friday by Houston-based oil service
company Baker Hughes Inc..
Canada, U.S. companies merge to create world's leading
metallurgical coal producer
Western Coal Corp. of Canada announced Friday that it has entered into an
arrangement agreement with U.S. leading steelmaking coal producer Walter Energy,
which allows the U.S. mining company to merge Western Coal to create one of the
largest metallurgical coal producers in the world.
Dollar mixed on worse jobless data
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Friday as data showed U.S. jobless situation became worse.
Canadian stocks rise for fifth day
Canadian stocks rose for a fifth day on Friday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index
closed up 15.42 points, or 0.12 percent, at 13,178.95. For the week, the
benchmark equity index rose 2.22 percent.
Crude prices set two-year highs on weak dollar
Crude prices set two-year highs on Friday as disappointing job data dragged down
the U.S. dollar.
EU-Russia summit targets closer bilateral ties
European Union (EU) and Russia will hold their 26th summit next week to discuss
issues of common interests, the European Commission said here on Friday.
France congratulates president-elect of Cote d'Ivoire
French President Nicolas Sarkozy congratulated Alassane Ouattara on his winning
in presidential election of Cote d'Ivoire, according to a statement released
Friday evening by the Elysee Palace.
Italy lacks energy for economic revamp: report
Italy lacks the necessary energy and strength for an economic revival while
unemployment and poverty are on the rise, warned a report issued Friday.
U.S. military leaders disagree on military gay ban repeal
U.S. military leaders on Friday voiced their disagreement on the issue of
repealing a decade old ban on gays and lesbians to serve openly in uniform.
CDC warns against arrival of flu season
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) warned on Friday that
another flu season might be coming as indicated by an outbreak in Georgia.
Canada offers aid to Israel's fires battling
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Friday extended Canada's sympathy and
condolences for the loss of life in the fires which hit Israel.
Spain calls in military to deal with air traffic controllers
strike
The Spanish government has confirmed Friday that the military will take control
of the country's air traffic control following an unannounced strike by Spain's
air traffic controllers that has caused chaos in the country.
Latin American middle class comparatively weak: OECD
The middle class in Latin America, though becoming a growing economic power,
remains comparatively vulnerable, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) said in a report Friday.
Finnish study shows preterm birth linking to type 2 diabetes
A Finnish study shows that preterm birth is associated with an increased risk of
type 2 diabetes in adult life, local media reported Friday.
Eurozone retail sales up 0.5 pct in October
The volume of retail trade in the eurozone rebounded 0.5 percent in October,
compared with the previous month, the European Union's statistics bureau
Eurostat said Friday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 4
U.S. President Barack Obama arrived in Afghanistan Friday on a surprise visit to
meet with U.S. troops, CNN reported.
Dutch central bank revises up 2010 growth forecast to 1.7 percent
The Dutch economy is expected to grow 1.7 percent in 2010, 1.6 percent in 2011
and 1.7 percent in 2012, the Dutch central bank DNB said Friday.
Urgent: Ivorian President Gbagbo to be sworn in Saturday for new
term: state media
The incumbent president of Cote d'Ivoire,  Laurent Gbagbo, will be inaugurated
for a new term at 1200 GMT on Saturday, state television said.
Stocks higher in Brazil, lower in Mexico
Latin America's two major stock markets closed mixed on Friday.
Canada regrets non-consensus on OSCE summit in Astana
Canada regrets that the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
(OSCE) failed to reach consensus over the issue of protracted conflicts in order
to secure a result-based action plan, a senior official said Friday.
U.S., South Korea reach free trade deal
The United States and South Korea reached a new free trade agreement Friday
after a three-year stalemate on auto tariffs, President Barack Obama announced
Friday.
Disney completes sale of Miramax to Ron Tutor
The Walt Disney Co. has completed the sale of Miramax Films division to Filmyard
Holdings for 663 million U.S. dollars, the two companies announced on Friday.
Obama expresses condolences over Israel's wildfire
U.S. President Barack Obama called Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
Friday to express condolences over the country's devastating forest fire.
Dominican Republic seizes 140 kg of cocaine
Dominican Republic authorities seized 140 kg of cocaine at the country's Las
Americas airport, local press reported on Friday.
Brazilian stocks up 2.25 percent in the week
The Sao Paulo Stock Exchange's Ibovespa indicator closed at 69,766 points on
Friday, up 0.34 percent from Thursday, and the trade volume negotiated in the
day reached 5.9 billion reais (3.49 billion U.S. dollars).
Ibero-American summit calls for closer South-South cooperation
The Organization of Ibero-American States Friday called for strengthening South-
South cooperation in face of the current global financial crisis.
Panama seizes 182 kg of cocaine
The Panamanian authorities seized 182 kg of cocaine early Friday in the center
of the country,the Panamanian National Police (PNP) said.
U.S. pursues balanced outcome in Cancun climate talks: envoy
The United States seeks a balanced outcome in the Cancun climate negotiations
that cover all major issues concerning climate change, U.S. Special Envoy for
Climate Change Todd Stern said Friday.
Italian police shut down "bullying" Facebook page
The Italian postal police on Friday blocked a Facebook page used by a baby-gang
to bully and harass one of their classmates.
Urgent: Ivorian President Gbagbo to be sworn in Saturday for new
term: state media
EDS: Refiles with correction of Quattara's title in para 3
Timor-Leste president praises Cuban support
Timor-Leste President Jose Ramos-Horta on Friday praised Cuba's support to and
cooperation with his country in the areas including education and health.
Brazil recognizes Palestinian state: president
Brazil recognizes the Palestinian state, President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has
told Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.
20th Ibero-American summit starts in Argentina
The 20th Ibero- American Summit kicked off Friday in Mar del Plata, a coastal
resort some 400 km southeast of Buenos Aires, to address the themes of
"education and social inclusion."
Ivorian president Gbagbo to be sworn in Saturday for new term:
state media
The incumbent president of Cote d'Ivoire,  Laurent Gbagbo, will be inaugurated
for a new term at 1200 GMT on Saturday, state television said.
Spain, IDB announce 67 mln USD fund for Haiti
Spain and the Inter- American Development Bank (IDB) Friday announced the
creation of a 67 million U.S. dollars fund for Haiti's small and medium-sized
enterprises.
Dominican Republic president stresses importance of education
President Leonel Fernandez of the Dominican Republic Friday highlighted the
importance of education as a tool to reduce inequality during a meeting in
Argentina.
Brazilian central bank raises cash reserve ratio
The Central Bank of Brazil announced on Friday a raise of the cash reserve ratio
in the country in order to decrease the liquidity in the market and rein in
inflation.
20th Ibero-American summit starts in Argentina
The 20th Ibero- American Summit began Friday in Mar del Plata, a coastal resort
some 400 km southeast of Buenos Aires, to address the themes of "education and
social inclusion."
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 4
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak on Saturday called for early ratification
of a new free trade agreement (FTA) between Seoul and Washington reached on
Friday, noting it will "bring huge economic benefits for both", according to
Seoul's presidential office Cheong Wa Dae.
MGM restructuring plan approved by court
Struggling U.S. movie studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.(MGM) said Thursday its
restructuring plan has been approved by a federal bankruptcy court, allowing it
to emerge from bankruptcy protection.
"America's Most Wanted" claims credit in arrest of suspected
killer
The host of the "America's Most Wanted" insisted Thursday that a tip from the TV
program led to the arrest of the suspected killer of Hollywood's top publicist
Ronnie Chasen, a claim the Beverly Hills police (BHPD) has refused to confirm.
News Analysis: White House warns of severe consequences if
unemployment benefits  extension killed
by Matthew Rusling
DPRK leader Kim Jong Il inspects Tanchon City
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK),
recently inspected Tanchon City, the Rodong Sinmun newspaper reported Friday.
Yearender: Mideast peace talks back in limbo despite Obama's push
by Xinhua writer Ran Wei
Commentary: Price for saving euro is high
Saving the euro from the current sovereign debt crisis plaguing Europe has
proved to be costly.
Greece to create finance police force to combat tax evasion
The cash-strapped Greek government plans to create a finance police force to
intensify the crackdown on tax dodgers, the head of the Financial Crimes Squad
announced Thursday.
Cuba offers support to Venezuela affected by heavy rain
Cuban President Raul Castro called Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Thursday to
offer support in tackling the crisis caused by the heavy rain in recent weeks.
London stock market falls in early trading
After jumping 2.2 percent on Thursday the London stock market paused for breath
in opening on Friday, with he leading FTSE 100 index down by 6.38 points, or
0.11 percent, at 5,761.18 points in early trading.
Xinhua world news summary at 0900 GMT, Dec. 3
At least one police officer was killed as a Kenyan police vehicle exploded on
Friday when an unknown man hurled an explosive device believed to be a grenade
in Nairobi's residential estate. (Kenya-Explosion)
Heavy snowfall blankets Russian Far East
Extremely cold weather has swept Russia's Far East, with storm warnings issued
in Sakhalin, Kuril Islands, local media reported Friday.
Fires in Israel out of control: Cyprus firefighters
A fire in the Israeli city of Haifa was raging out of control and would be
impossible to stop before afternoon, a Cypriot firefighting unit sent to help
battle the blaze said Friday.
Russia to help Israel fight wildfires
Russia will send aircraft to help combat wildfires raging in Israel, said
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev Friday.
CNOOC wins two awards at 2010 Platts Global Energy Awards
China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) Ltd. took top billing at
Thursday's 12th annual Platts Global Energy Awards, winning two awards in the
industry's most recognized awards program.
UN scientists highlight risks to world carbon targets
Policy makers and scientists who contributed to the United Nations Environment
Program (UNEP) climate change report have called for greater ambition in the
pledges to reduce carbon.
Milan and St. Petersburg to share know-how in green transport
Milan and St. Petersburg have agreed to share green public transport skills, the
Italian municipality has announced in a statement.
London stock market flat by midday
The London stock market was almost flat by midday on Friday with the leading
FTSE 100 index up by 0.72 points, or 0.01 percent, at 5,768.28 points at noon.
Interview: OECD aims to be more global: OECD chief
By Zhang Xin, Li Ming
Ukraine concerned with growing pace of public debt
Ukraine's direct public debt will reach 32.1 percent of GDP, or 43.5 billion
U.S. dollars, by year's end, Deputy Prime Minister Sergiy Tigipko said Friday.
Georgian opera singer becomes UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador
Opera singer bass Paata Burchuladze on Friday became Georgia's first UNICEF
Goodwill Ambassador, joining the UN Children's Fund campaign to draw attention
to and to advocate the causes of child rights and well-being.
Chinese FM, EU foreign policy chief discuss Iranian nuclear issue
over phone
Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi on Friday exchanged views on the Iranian nuclear
issue with Catherine Ashton, the European Union (EU)'s high representative for
foreign affairs and security policy.
Urgent: U.S. unemployment rate rises to 9.8 percent in November
The U.S. unemployment rate increased to 9.8 percent in November, and nonfarm
payroll employment was little changed from the previous month, reported the
Labor Department on Friday.
1st LD: U.S. unemployment rate rises to 9.8 percent in November
The U.S. unemployment rate increased to 9.8 percent in November, and nonfarm
payroll employment was little changed from the previous month, reported the
Labor Department on Friday.
Ukraine, Syria eye closer relations
Ukraine is ready to further develop relations with Syria, one of the most
influential and respected countries in the Arab and Islamic world, President
Viktor Yanukovych said here Friday.
Interview: Try to be as ambitious as possilble in fighting
climate change: EU's climate  chief
by Xinhua writer Liu Xiaoyan
Interview: Brazil expects "a package of decisions" in Cancun
climate talks
The ongoing United Nations Climate Change conference in Cancun, Mexico, might
witness a package of decisions on major issues of UN's convention on global
warming, a Brazilian environment official says.
Disabled Greeks protest austerity measures
Thousands of disabled Greeks marked the World Day of Disabled People on Friday
by staging a mass rally in central Athens to protest government austerity
measures.
DPRK leader Kim Jong Il inspects mining complex, foodstuff
factory
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK),
recently inspected the Musan Mining Complex and the Musan Foodstuff Factory, the
official KCNA news agency reported Friday.
EU raids pharmaceutical companies for antitrust concern
European Union (EU) officials had raided a number of pharmaceutical companies
for antitrust concern, the European Commission said on Friday.
French industrial group Bouygues revises up 2010 sales
Bouygues, French construction, telecom and media group, expected to post higher
sales for the whole year of 2010 following boosted performance of its different
activities, the company said in a statement issued late on Thursday.
Russian, Italian leaders hail cooperation
Russian and Italian leaders on Friday hailed cooperation between the two
countries during talks in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
U.S. stocks dip as jobs data disappointing
U.S. stocks dipped in early trading on Friday as the monthly jobs report came in
much weaker than expected.
ECB chief calls for more efforts to trim deficit in eurozone
Members of the European bloc need to strengthen their efforts to trim budget
gaps and achieve their financial targets to regain investor confidence, the
European Central Bank (ECB) chief said Friday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 3
The Nigerian military in northern Plateau has said eight persons were killed in
a fresh attack in Kwal village of the state on Thursday.
2nd LD Writethru: U.S. unemployment rate rises to 9.8 pct in
November
The U.S. unemployment rate unexpectedly rose to 9.8 percent in November, a
seven-month high, while nonfarm payroll employment was little changed from the
previous month, the Labor Department said Friday.
France moves to ban WikiLeaks from using French servers
Industry Minister Eric Besson wrote a letter to business and technology leaders
on Friday calling for ways to ban WikiLeaks from using servers in France, local
media reported.
Western Azerbaijani poultry farms may be hit by bird flu virus
A deputy minister on Friday said that the bird flu virus may have hit western
Azerbaijan, but a local regional official said that the mass poultry deaths had
not been caused by the virus.
Russian president urges NATO over anti-missile defense issue
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Friday urged to discuss anti-missile
defense (ADM) issues promptly, so as not to let a new arms race commence.
Bangladesh beat Zibabwe in second ODI
Bangladesh levelled the one-day international (ODI) cricket against Zimbabwe
after a six-wicket victory in Bangladesh's capital Dhaka Friday, thanks to
spinner Abdur Razzak's spectacular hat-trick.
Palmeiras makes offer to Roma for Adriano
Palmeiras announced on Friday its intent to bring striker Adriano back to
Brazilian soccer by presenting its proposal to the Italian team Roma on
Thursday.
Richarlyson weeps in farewell
Richarlyson said his goodbye on Friday to the fans and administration at Sao
Paulo FC.
Beach volleyball team Harley and Pedro Solberg split
The Brazilian men's beach volleyball duo of Harley and Pedro Solberg decided on
Friday to part their ways for the second time.
England takes total control of second Ashes Cricket Test in
Australia
Australia on Friday suffered its worst ever start to a Test match, as England
took total control of the second Ashes Test after an outstanding opening day
performance in Adelaide of Australia.
Marcelinho's 39 points keep Flamengo's basketball team undefeated
On the road against Assis, Flamengo won 91-77 on Friday in the New Brazilian
Basketball (NBB) league, keeping Flamengo perfect thus far in the 2010-2011
season.
Only a miracle will give Corinthians a title: Carlos
After the professed optimism of teammate Ronaldo, Corinthians midfielder Roberto
Carlos declared on Friday that the team is in need of a miracle to win the 2010
Brazilian Championship.
Santos lends striker Madson to Atletico-PR
The Atletico-PR soccer team announced on Friday its first reinforcement for the
2011 season. Santos decided to loan striker Madson to the team throughout next
year.
Roundup: Japanese see losing bid to host 2022 World Cup as
natural
Japanese football celebrities and fans were not surprised at the country's
failure to win its bid to stage the 2022 World Cup on Friday.
Xiamen marathon to kick off in January with a record of 80,000
runners
The 2011 Xiamen International Marathon is to be kicked off on January 2nd with a
record of some 80,000 runners participating in six categories.
Guangzhou Para-Asian Games flame lit in 3.88s
The 2010 Guangzhou Para-Asian Games flame has taken just 3.88 seconds to be
ignited by sun ray in a traditional ceremony at the China Millenium Monument on
a freezing Friday morning.
Back to normality in spain as Barca and Madrid play their
respective games
Life returns to almost normality in the Spanish BBVA Primera Liga this weekend.
China likely to be Pakistan's neutral sports venue for cricket
Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) is considering China as a neutral venue for its
international cricket events as the foreign teams are not willing to visit
Pakistan due to security threats, sources told Xinhua on Friday.
Georgia to host 2011 Junior World Rugby Trophy tourney
Georgia is scheduled to host the 2011 version of the IRB Junior World Rugby
Trophy tournament, an annual event which inaugurated in 2008.
Mourinho expects Real Madrid to get back on track against
Valencia
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho expects his side to return to winning ways when
they entertain Valencia in the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium this Saturday night.
Barcelona remain humble as they aim to build on Classico win
FC Barcelona will aim to maintain their humility when they travel to Pamplona to
face Osasuna this Saturday night.
No play on third day of Sri Lanka, West Indies final Test
The third day of the final Test match between the cricket teams of Sri Lanka and
the West Indies was abandoned without a ball being bowled.
Gallant Lesotho football Under-20 on a mission
The high flying Lesotho national Under-20 football squad (Makoanyane XI) that
recently qualified for the African Youth Championship in Libya next year intend
to impress in next weekend Metropolitan COSAFA Uunder-20 Championships.
News Analysis: World Cup a chance for Russia's modernization
Russia's victory to host the soccer World Cup in 2018, as the FIFA executive
body voted in Zurich on Thursday, is expected to help improve the country's
infrastructure and enhance its sports development, experts believed.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 3
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 3:
Chinese gov't to send 12,000 students overseas next year
The Chinese government has decided to offer overseas study scholarships for
12,000 students in the country next year, including 6,000 postgraduates and
6,000 researchers and scholars, according to the Ministry of Education.
China announces policies to boost modern agriculture in northeast
region
China's central government pledged on Friday to support the northeastern region
by boosting its development of modern agriculture.
China welcomes WTO ruling on EU anti-dumping duties on China
fasteners
China's Ministry of Commerce (MOC) Friday welcomed ruling from the World Trade
Organization (WTO) that the European Union (EU) anti-dumping duties on Chinese
screws and bolts were discriminatory and are in violation of global commerce
rules.
1st Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China takes big step to encourage
private, overseas  funds for medical sector
China's central government on Friday declared new policies to encourage private
funds, including overseas capital, to be channeled to the medical sector to meet
the country's increasingly diversified demands on health care.
Chinese academy inks deal with ROK university on algae biodiesel
research
A Chinese science academy in east China's Shandong Province has clinched a deal
to introduce photobioreactor technology from Chosun University in the Republic
of Korea (ROK) to aid the former's research on mass producing oil-rich algae for
biodiesel production.
China Focus: Teenagers turn to hotline to solve sex-related
puzzles
Although Zhu Guangyu has been a psychological counselor for more than 20 years,
he is still shocked at so many tender voices asking questions about sex.
China mounts fight against piracy
China has rolled out concrete measures to reinforce its fight against the
infringement of intellectual property (IPR).
China's nonferrous metal output up 23.9 pct in first ten months
China's output of ten nonferrous metals, including aluminum and copper, rose
23.9 percent year on year to 26.14 million tonnes in the first ten months,
according to latest official statistics.
1st LD: Chinese train breaks speed record in trial use
One of China's high-speed trains broke the world record for unmodified
commercial use on Friday during trial service, the Ministry of Railways said.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.13 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 31.14 points, or 0.13 percent, to close Friday's
morning session at 23, 479.92 points.
Urgent: China to shift to prudent monetary policy next year
China will shift its monetary policy stance from relatively loose to prudent
next year, the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central
Committee decided Friday.
China cultural news in brief: New police dog, movie festival,
pure-blood horses
The following are highlights of China's cultural news reported Friday.
1st LD: China to shift to prudent monetary policy next year
China will shift its monetary policy stance from relatively loose to prudent
next year, the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central
Committee decided Friday.
Roundup: IMF says housing prices likely to sustain upward move in
HK
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) said in a report published Friday that
Hong Kong's property prices are likely to be pushed even higher given HK's
buoyant economic outlook and its position as a leading recipient of global
capital inflows.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.45 pct
Taiwan's share prices continued to gain Friday with the weighted index up 38.24
points, or 0.45 percent, to close at 8,624.01, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
China stock index futures close mixed Friday
China's stock index futures close mixed Friday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, shed 0.08 percent to close at 3174.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 3
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, shed
1.69 percent, or 19.9 percent, to close at 1,157.94 on Friday.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec. 3
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,158.16 points Friday, up 3.1 points, or 0.1
percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices close up -- Dec. 3
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange was up 0.27 percent,
or 33.98 points, to end at 12,443 points on Friday.
Shanghai stock indices close down -- Dec. 3
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,842.43 Friday, down 1.18 points, or 0.04 percent, from the previous close.
China's stocks close mixed Friday
China's stocks closed mixed Friday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
down 0.04 percent, or 1.18 points, to end at 2,842.43.
Tibet to ensure free bilingual preschool education by 2015
Education authorities in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region said Friday
all children in Tibet's farming and herding areas will receive at least two
years of free preschool education in both the Tibetan language and Mandarin
Chinese by 2015.
China economic news in brief: yacht shipyard in Hainan; Huangshan
tourism; quake  relief in Yushu; electric buses in Guilin
The following are some economic news items in brief:
2nd Ld: China to shift to prudent monetary policy next year
China will shift its monetary policy stance from relatively loose to prudent
next year, the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central
Committee decided Friday.
Hong Kong stocks close 0.55 pct lower
Hong Kong stocks closed down 128.26 points, or 0.55 percent, at 23,320.52 on
Friday.
China Focus: Internet used to oppose forced house demolitions
By online diary and letter, two Chinese doctoral students used the Internet to
protest the forced demolition of their families' houses in rural China.
European Investment Bank loans China 500 mln euros to fight
climate change
The European Investment Bank (EIB) will loan 500 million euros to China to
support Chinese efforts to mitigate climate change, an agreement signed Friday
between China's Ministry of Finance and the EIB said.
Expert View: Shift in China's monetary policy stance aims to
promote sustainable  growth
China will shift its monetary policy stance from relatively loose to prudent
next year, the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central
Committee decided Friday.
1st LD-Writethru: China's stocks close mixed after prudent
monetary policy announcement
Chinese stocks closed mixed Friday after leaders said the nation will next year
shift from a relatively loose monetary policy to a prudent one while proactive
fiscal policies are continued.
Librarian demands compensation for wrongful 8-day detention after
official accuses  him of libel
A man detained for eight days on libel charges after exposing an employment
scandal involving an official's son is demanding 30,000 yuan (4,503 U.S.
dollars) in compensation for the harm done to his reputation and psychological
wellbeing.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close 0.55 pct lower
Hong Kong stocks close down on Friday, reversing early gains, with the weighted
index losing 128. 26 points, or 0.55 percent, to end at 23,320.52.
Interview: CEO calls Christie's autumn Hong Kong Sales "perfect
storm"
Christie's, the world's leading art business, has ended its autumn Hong Kong
auction on Thursday night with results totaling 414 million U.S. dollars, a
95-percent increase from a year earlier, which Christie's International CEO
Steven Murphy has seen as "perfect storm".
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec.3
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 3:
3rd Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China to shift to prudent monetary
policy
China said on Friday that it will switch its monetary policy stance from
relatively loose to prudent next year to tackle rising inflation and keep
economic growth at sustainable pace.
Chinese court upholds jail term for police officer involved in
"cold shower" death  at labor camp
A court in central China's Henan Province has upheld the jail sentence given to
a police officer for abuse of power in connection to the death of an inmate who
was forced to have a cold shower on a chilly morning at a labor camp two years
ago.
China to give annual financial assistance to underage orphans
The Chinese government said Friday it will provide annual financial assistance
to underage orphans to improve their livelihood.
2nd LD-Writethru-China Focus: Chinese train breaks speed record
in trial use
One of China's high-speed trains broke the world record for unmodified
commercial use on Friday during trial service, the Ministry of Railways (MOR)
said.
Sinosteel, Rio Tinto extend cooperation at Channar iron ore mine
Chinese steel giant Sinosteel Corporation and Australia's Rio Tinto signed an
agreement Friday to extend their cooperation at the Channar iron ore project.
Chinalco, Rio Tinto to establish mineral exploration JV in China
Aluminum Corp. of China (Chinalco) and Australia's Rio Tinto Friday agreed to
establish a joint venture to explore mineral resources in China.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index down 1.15 pct -- Dec. 3
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange dropped
150.30 points, or 1.15 percent, to close Friday's trading at 12,937.10.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong -- Dec. 3
The gold price in Hong Kong closed up 7 HK dollars at 12,877 HK dollars per tael
on Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
China Exclusive: Gold,jewelery popular in China with hope of
anti-inflation
by Xinhua writer Hu Tao
China Focus: One woman's effort and dream to help her disabled
"children"
Sun Huiping has an unbelievably big family in a country that asks most couples
to have only one child. She has 20 children, with the eldest aged 30.
China Exclusive: China's supreme court Open Day begins with Sony
Ericsson China trademark  hearing
China's highest court, the Supreme People's Court (SPC), Friday held an Open Day
event with a hearing on a trademark dispute involving Sony Ericsson China. It
also unveiled two animated spokespersons to promote the judiciary's openness.
China, Venezuela pledge to boost cooperation
China and Venezuela Friday pledged to boost bilateral relations and cooperation.
China tightens quality control over traditional medicine amid
price hike
China's drug watchdog Friday warned of increasing risks of malpractice in
traditional medicine production as raw material prices have jumped in the past
few months.
China's social security spending hikes 17.6 pct annually in
2006-2010
During the 11th Five-Year Plan period (2006-2010), China spent 3.26 trillion
yuan on social security, an annual increase of 17.6 percent, the Ministry of
Finance (MOF) told Xinhua Friday.
Chinese, European, U.S. scholars and officials discuss global
governance at forum
More than 150 scholars and officials from China, Europe and the United States
gathered in Beijing Friday for a forum on global governance.
China Exclusive: Beijing strives to improve health care for
foreigners
Foreigners who had joined the trend to explore their opportunities in China's
capital Beijing increasingly found that seeking heath care at a hospital was an
uncomfortable experience.
Most deaths in SW China's mob fight bear gun wounds: police
The bodies of most fatalities in last month's mob fight in southwest China's
Yunnan Province were found to suffer from gun wounds, while four dozen others
were wounded by shrapnel from bombs, local police said Friday.
Hong Kong suspends Japan poultry imports
Hong Kong, Dec. 3 (Xinhua) -- The processing of applications for importing
poultry and poultry products from Japan has been suspended due to an avian
influenza outbreak in Yasugi in Shimane Prefecture, said Hong Kong's Center for
Food Safety on Friday.
Commentary: Developed countries unlikely to meet 2012 deadline of
carbon reduction  due to poor action
Developed countries are good at talking about emission reduction ideals, but
lack concrete efforts to walk their talk. Inevitably, they failed to meet the
2012 deadline as set in the Kyoto Protocol
Building energy codes set in HK
The Buildings Energy Efficiency Ordinance was gazetted in Hong Kong on Friday,
providing a legal basis for the mandatory implementation of the Building Energy
Codes, said the Environment Bureau of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
(HKSAR) government.
Chinese official calls for reasonable room for development in
climate talks
A Chinese meteorological official has urged countries' reasonable room for
development to be ensured in global climate change talks, according to a
document released Friday following the China Sciences and Humanities Forum.
Beijing's shopping mall catches fire, no casualties reported
A shopping mall in east Beijing caught fire Friday evening, with no casualties
reported.
China takes big step to encourage private, overseas funds for
medical sector
China's central government on Friday declared new policies to encourage private
funds, including overseas capital, to be channeled to the medical sector to meet
the country's increasingly diversified demands on health care.
Feature: al-Qaida inflames sectarian war on Shiite rebels in
north Yemen
by Aqeel al-Halali  Wang Qiuyun
Feature: al-Qaida inflames sectarian war on Shiite rebels in
northYemen
Feature: al-Qaida inflames sectarian war on Shiite rebels in north Yemen
At least one civilian killed, 15 people wounded in Baghdad bomb
attacks
At least one civilian was killed and 15 people were wounded in separate bomb
attacks across Baghdad on Saturday morning, an Interior Ministry source said.
At least one civilian killed, 15 people wounded in Baghdad
bombattacks
At least one civilian killed, 15 people wounded in Baghdad bomb attacks
Urgent: Seven people killed, 46 wounded in Baghdad car bombings
Twin car bomb explosions targeted Iranian pilgrims in Baghdad on Saturday,
killed seven people and wounded 46 others, an Interior Ministry source said.
Urgent: Seven people killed, 46 wounded in Baghdad car bombings
Twin car bomb explosions targeted Iranian pilgrims in Baghdad on Saturday,
killed seven people and wounded 46 others, an Interior Ministry source said.
1st LD: Seven people killed, 46 wounded in Baghdad car bombings
Two car bomb explosions targeted Iranian pilgrims in Baghdad on Saturday, killed
seven people and wounded 46 others, an Interior Ministry source said.
1st LD: Seven people killed, 46 wounded in Baghdad car bombings
Two car bomb explosions targeted Iranian pilgrims in Baghdad on Saturday, killed
seven people and wounded 46 others, an Interior Ministry source said.
Urgent: Two people killed in car bomb at Baghdad marketplace
Two people were killed and 32 others were wounded in a car bomb explosion in a
busy marketplace in southern Baghdad on Saturday, an Interior Ministry source
said.
Urgent: Two people killed in car bomb at Baghdad marketplace
Two people were killed and 32 others were wounded in a car bomb explosion in a
busy marketplace in southern Baghdad on Saturday, an Interior Ministry source
said.
1st LD: Two people killed in car bombing at Baghdad marketplace
An explosive-laden car parked at a busy marketplace in al-Baiyaa district
detonated around midday, killing two people and wounding 32 others, the source
told Xinhua on condition of anonymity.
1st LD: Two people killed in car bombing at Baghdad marketplace
An explosive-laden car parked at a busy marketplace in al-Baiyaa district
detonated around midday, killing two people and wounding 32 others, the source
told Xinhua on condition of anonymity.
Turkish Airlines plane evacuated after fire alarm in Istanbul
Passengers were evacuated from a Turkish Airlines (THY) plane after a fire alarm
on Saturday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
Turkish Airlines plane evacuated after fire alarm in Istanbul
Passengers were evacuated from a Turkish Airlines (THY) plane after a fire alarm
on Saturday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
2nd LD: Series of bomb attacks in Baghdad kill up to 14 people
A series of bomb attacks across Baghdad on Saturday killed 14 people, including
six Iranians, and wounded some 100 people, 30 of them Iranians, an Interior
Ministry source said.
2nd LD: Series of bomb attacks in Baghdad kill up to 14 people
A series of bomb attacks across Baghdad on Saturday killed 14 people, including
six Iranians, and wounded some 100 people, 30 of them Iranians, an Interior
Ministry source said.
Three Palestinians wounded in Israeli shootings in Gaza
Three Palestinians were injured Saturday in two separate Israeli shootings near
the borders between Gaza and Israel, medical sources said.
Three Palestinians wounded in Israeli shootings in Gaza
Three Palestinians were injured Saturday in two separate Israeli shootings near
the borders between Gaza and Israel, medical sources said.
Feature: Deaf Palestinian youths pursue success in art
by Ahmed Aldabba
Feature: Deaf Palestinian youths pursue success in art
by Ahmed Aldabba
German FM in Baghdad for talks with Iraqi leaders
German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle paid a surprise visit to Baghdad on
Saturday to hold talks with the Iraqi leaders, an Iraqi official television
reported.
German FM in Baghdad for talks with Iraqi leaders
German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle paid a surprise visit to Baghdad on
Saturday to hold talks with the Iraqi leaders, an Iraqi official television
reported.
Erekat: AL committee to meet to assess Palestinian-Israeli talks
A senior Palestinian official said Saturday that the Arab League (AL) committee
would meet within days to decide the Arab position on peace talks between Israel
and the Palestinians.
Erekat: AL committee to meet to assess Palestinian-Israeli talks
A senior Palestinian official said Saturday that the Arab League (AL) committee
would meet within days to decide the Arab position on peace talks between Israel
and the Palestinians.
News Analysis: Palestinians bet to grab international recognition
of state with 1967 borders
by Osama Radi, Emad Drimly
News Analysis: Palestinians bet to grab international
recognitionof state with 1967 borders
News Analysis: Palestinians bet to grab international recognition of state with
1967 borders
Turkish security forces seize 207 kg of heroin
Turkish security forces seized 207 kg of heroin in two operations in Turkey on
Saturday, the semi- official Anatolia news agency reported.
Turkish security forces seize 207 kg of heroin
Turkish security forces seized 207 kg of heroin in two operations in Turkey on
Saturday, the semi- official Anatolia news agency reported.
SSRC denies requesting Sudanese presidency to delay referendum
South Sudan Referendum Commission (SSRC) on Saturday denied that it has demanded
the Sudanese presidency to delay the referendum, slated for Jan. 9, 2011.
SSRC denies requesting Sudanese presidency to delay referendum
South Sudan Referendum Commission (SSRC) on Saturday denied that it has demanded
the Sudanese presidency to delay the referendum, slated for Jan. 9, 2011.
Massive Israel fire "takes week" to extinguish
The devastating blaze continues to rage through mountains in northern Israel on
Saturday and it will "take a week to put out," fire service officer Boaz Arkia
was quoted by The Jerusalem Post as saying during a press conference in Haifa on
Saturday.
Massive Israel fire "takes week" to extinguish
The devastating blaze continues to rage through mountains in northern Israel on
Saturday and it will "take a week to put out," fire service officer Boaz Arkia
was quoted by The Jerusalem Post as saying during a press conference in Haifa on
Saturday.
Arab League launches Arab expatriates conference
The first Arab expatriates conference to foster Arabs with other cultures was
launched on Saturday under the auspices of the Arab League.
Arab League launches Arab expatriates conference
The first Arab expatriates conference to foster Arabs with other cultures was
launched on Saturday under the auspices of the Arab League.
Jordan calls for intensified efforts to resume Palestinian-
Israeli talks
AMMAN, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) - Jordan's Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh on Saturday
underlined the need for creating the suitable atmosphere for the resumption of
direct Palestinian-Israeli peace negotiations.
Jordan calls for intensified efforts to resume Palestinian-
Israelitalks
Jordan calls for intensified efforts to resume Palestinian- Israeli talks
Syrian President to France in few days
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will pay an official visit to France in next
few days, the official SANA news agency reported.
Syrian President to France in few days
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will pay an official visit to France in next
few days, the official SANA news agency reported.
Abbas: Dissolving PNA is to be considered if peace talks fail
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Saturday that dissolving the
Palestinian National Authority (PNA) and the Palestinian autonomous rule is
considered if peace talks collapse.
Abbas: Dissolving PNA is to be considered if peace talks fail
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Saturday that dissolving the
Palestinian National Authority (PNA) and the Palestinian autonomous rule is
considered if peace talks collapse.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 4
Two car bomb explosions targeted Iranian pilgrims in Baghdad on Saturday, killed
seven people and wounded 46 others, an Interior Ministry source said.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 4
Two car bomb explosions targeted Iranian pilgrims in Baghdad on Saturday, killed
seven people and wounded 46 others, an Interior Ministry source said.
Japan seeks to limit defense expenses growth in draft guidelines
A draft of Japan's policy guidelines urged for limiting the growth of its
defense expenses at zero percent or lower from their fiscal 2009 level in the
next five years, local media reported on Sunday.
Roundup: Myanmar strives for promotion of development of
traditional medicine
by Feng Yingqiu
Suspected Abu Sayyaf militants release 2 remaining hostages in S.
Philippines
Suspected militants linked to Al Qaeda released on Sunday morning their two more
remaining hostages in the southern Philippines.
Peace process in Nepal at critical juncture: UN official
United Nations Under-Secretary- General for Political Affairs B Lynn Pascoe has
said that Nepal's peace process was moving toward critical period and urged the
political leaders to prove their political will by making compromises and
resolving issues of integration and rehabilitation, power-sharing and the
drafting of a new constitution.
Nepali farm develops disease-resistant tomatoes
A Nepali agriculture farm has developed nine varieties of disease-resistant and
heat-tolerant tomatoes.
Thai "red-shirts" cancel talk show on King's birth day
Anti-government "red-shirt" movement agreed to cancel its planned talk show on
Sunday which falls on His Majesty the King's Birth Day, chief of Metropolitan
Police Division 1 said Saturday.
HSBC kicks off RMB settlement deals in India
HSBC Bank has offered RMB settlement for Indian importers, said Stuart Davis,
CEO of HSBC in India.
Pakistani PM embarks on 2-day visit to Afghanistan
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani embarked on a two-day official
visit to Afghanistan on Saturday at the invitation of Afghan President Hamid
Karzai, officials said.
Moro rebels in S. Philippines deny rift among leaders
The rebel Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) in southern Philippines denied on
Saturday any rift between and among its top leaders.
Extreme weather threatens to dampen Australia's economy
Extreme weather is threatening to dampen Australia's economy in a way that up to
six million Australian dollars of grain harvests can be lost in the deluge and
drought across the nation for months.
French president arrives in India to ink mega nuclear deal
French President Nicolas Sarkozy Saturday arrived at the southern Indian city of
Bangalore for a four-day visit to India, along with his wife Carla Bruni, during
which the two countries are expected to ink a mega nuclear deal, according to
official sources here.
13 killed in road mishap in southern India
At least 13 people were killed and four others critically injured in a major
road mishap in the southern Indian state of Karnataka Saturday, said police.
516 people die of encephalitis this year in northern Indian state
With the death of two more people, a total of 516 people are now confirmed dead
due to encephalitis this year in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh's
Gorakhpur district, said Indian health officials on Saturday.
Pakistani PM arrives in Kabul on official visit
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani paid an official visit to
Afghanistan on Saturday.
Urgent: Cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew sinks off waters of
Philippines: police
A cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew aboard sank off the waters of the Philippines'
Batanes province on Friday afternoon, the Philippine National Police (PNP) said
Saturday.
1st LD Writethru: Cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew sinks off
waters of Philippines: police
A cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew aboard sank off the waters of the Philippines'
Batanes province on Friday afternoon, the Philippine National Police (PNP) said
Saturday.
Singapore land sales add 7.2 bln USD to state coffers
The Singapore government land sales (GLS) program has added a record 9.4 billion
Singapore dollars (about 7.2 billion US dollars) of revenue to the state coffers
in the first 11 months of this year - more than five times the 1.8 billion
Singapore dollars (about 1.39 billion US dollars) of sales recorded last year.
Pakistan starts repatriation of Waziristan refugees
The repatriation of thousands of tribesmen displaced as a result of the military
operation against the Taliban militants in South Waziristan tribal region
started on Saturday under tight security, officials said.
Japanese FM views disputed northern islands from sky
Japanese Foreign Minister Seiji Maehara on Saturday viewed from a Japan Coast
Guard plane the four Russian-held islands off Hokkaido claimed by Japan, local
media reported.
Advance by-elections begin in Thailand's five provinces
Eligible voters went to polling booths to participate in a two-day advance by-
election in five provinces of Thailand on Saturday.
Sarkozy backs India for permanent UNSC seat
French President Nicholas Sarkozy, who arrived in India on a four-day visit
Saturday, said that India deserves a permanent seat at the United Nations
Security Council (UNSC).
2nd LD Writethru: Cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew sinks off
waters of Philippines, 10 still missing
A cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew aboard sank off the waters of the Philippines'
Batanes province on Friday afternoon, the Philippine National Police (PNP) said
Saturday.
Protesters set ablaze school bus during shutdown in Indian-
controlled Kashmir
SRINAGAR, Indian-controlled Kashmir, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) -- Protesters Saturday set
ablaze a private school bus in Indian- controlled Kashmir during a shutdown
called by separatists, police said.
Indian Navy intercepts vessel with 19 foreigners in Arabian Sea
The Indian Navy has intercepted a vessel, with 19 foreign nationals on board, in
the Arabian Sea off the Bitra Island in the Lakshadweep Islands chain, sources
said Saturday.
Pakistan seeks cement exports rise after Qatar, Russia awarded
football World Cup
Cement exports of Pakistan are expected to grow steadily in the years to come,
as Russia and Qatar are determined to develop their infrastructure ahead of
hosting FIFA's Football World Cup in 2018 and 2022, respectively, local media
reported on Saturday.
Stable Afghanistan to benefit Pakistan: President Karzai
Afghan President Hamid Karzai described terrorism as the common enemy for both
Pakistan and Afghanistan and called for joint efforts to overcome the menace.
Troops catch 5 suspected militant bombers in S. Philippines
Philippine security forces have caught at least five suspected militants behind
a series of bomb attacks in the restive southern part of the country, police
said Saturday.
SIA stops flights from Milan to Barcelona temporarily
Singapore Airlines (SIA) said on Saturday that its daily service from Milan to
Barcelona and from Barcelona to Milan has been temporarily stopped.
Philippine military not halt operation against Abu sayyaf
Philippine troops said on Saturday that they will not halt operation against
members of Al Qaeda linked militants active in the southern Philippines.
Moderate quake hits eastern Indonesia
An earthquake measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale rocked eastern Indonesia of
Maluku province at 21:55 local time (1255 GMT) on Saturday, the country's
Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics said in a statement.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 4
A farm meat processing plant in New Zealand North Island's Waikato region was
extensively damaged by fire on Friday night.
Writethru: Cote d'Ivoire presidential aide threatens to expel UN
envoy
An aide to Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo has threatened to
expel the special representative of the United Nations (UN) secretary general
who is also the head of the UN Operations in Cote d'Ivoire (ONUCI) Choi Young-
jin.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo sworn in as president amid
election dispute
Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo was sworn in as president on
Saturday, amid defiance from his rival, former prime minister Alassane Ouattara
whose victory was supported by the electoral commission and the international
community, but rejected by the Constitutional Council.
Cote d'Ivoire ex-rebels denounce constitutional council's ruling
giving Gbagbo victory
Cote d'Ivoire's ex-rebels, the New Forces (FN) who have been in control of the
northern half of the country since September 2002 have termed as "outrageous"
the ruling by the constitutional council to cancel results from some northern
regions and hence give election victory to incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo.
EU congratulates new Guinean president
The President of the European Union (EU) Commission Jose Manuel Barroso
congratulated the new Guinean President Alpha Conde in a message published on
Friday.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo sworn in as president amid
election dispute
Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo was sworn in as president on
Saturday, amid defiance from his rival, former prime minister Alassane Ouattara
whose victory was supported by the electoral commission and the international
community, but rejected by the Constitutional Council.
Writethru: Guinean presidential candidate Diallo concedes defeat
Guinean presidential candidate Cellou Dalein Diallo has conceded defeat in the
presidential run- off, one day after the Supreme Court confirmed his rival Alpha
Conde's victory.
ECOWAS urges respect for Ivorian electoral commission's ruling
giving victory to Ouattara
Chairman of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), Nigerian
President Goodluck Jonathan has urged all parties in Cote d'Ivoire's election to
respect the declaration of the Independent Electoral Commission which gave
victory to former prime minister Alassane Ouattara.
West African court to rule on deposed Nigerien president Tandja
suit
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Court in the Nigerian
capital Abuja on Friday fixed the date of Feb. 8, 2011 for rule on an
application filed by former Nigerien president Mamadou Tandja.
Shooting heard in Cote d'Ivore economic capital after court
ruling on election
Gunfire was heard overnight in Cote d'Ivoire's economic capital Abidjan after
the Constitutional Council declared incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo the
winner of the Nov. 28 run-off.
Urgents: Somali gov't says "50 rebel fighters killed" in recent
Mogadishu clashes
Somali Prime Minister said Saturday that almost 50 Islamist fighters were killed
and scores injured in fierce battles with government troops in the Somali
capital for the past few days.
1st LD Writethru: Somali gov't says "50 rebel fighters killed" in
Mogadishu
Somali Prime Minister Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed said Saturday that almost 50
Islamist fighters were killed and scores of others injured in fierce battles
with government troops in the capital Mogadishu in the past days.
Crop disease to reduce DR Congo's robusta coffee production
The production of robusta coffee will reduce by 60 percent in the entire Sud-
Ubangi district of Equateur province in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR
Congo) due to an attack of tracemicose, a disease that specifically targets this
type of coffee, the district's agricultural inspector said on Friday.
2nd LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo sworn in as president amid
election dispute
Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo was sworn in as president on
Saturday, amid defiance from his rival, former prime minister Alassane Ouattara
whose victory was supported by the electoral commission and the international
community, but rejected by the Constitutional Council.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's PM offers resignation: media
Cote d'Ivoire's Prime Minister Guillaume Soro said he supported former prime
minister Alassane Ouattara as the country's president-elect, and would offer to
resign from his post, media reports said Saturday.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's PM offers resignation: media
Cote d'Ivoire's Prime Minister Guillaume Soro said he supported former prime
minister Alassane Ouattara as the country's president-elect, and would offer to
resign from his post, media reports said Saturday.
Nigeria records positive results in battle against HIV/AIDS
Nigeria is recording a number of positive results in the battle against HIV and
AIDS, the country's first lady Dame Patience Jonathan has said.
Urgent: Alassane Ouattara swears himself in as president of Cote
d'Ivoire
Alasssane Ouattara, opposition candidate for the presidential run-off, on
Saturday swore himself in as president of Cote d'Ivoire.
1st LD: Alassane Ouattara swears himself in as president of Cote
d'Ivoire
Alasssane Ouattara, former prime minister and opposition candidate for the
presidential run-off, on Saturday swore himself in as president of Cote
d'Ivoire.
AU says deeply concerned over developments in  situation in Cote
d' Ivoire
African Union Commission Chairperson Jean Ping sayd on Saturday that his
organization is deeply concerned over the developments in the situation in Cote
d'Ivoire.
AU welcomes conclusion of electoral process, return
constitutional order in Guinea
African Union Commission (AUC) chairperson Jean Ping on Saturday welcomed the
conclusion of the electoral process and the return to constitutional order in
Guinea.
Former South African president to help in Cote d'Ivoire election
dispute
Former South African President Thabo Mbeki flew to Cote d'Ivoire on an emergency
mission  on Saturday at the request of the African Union (AU) to help resolve
the dispute following presidential elections there.
AU entrusts Mbeki with emergency mission to Cote d'Ivoire
African Union Commission Chairperson Jean Ping decided on Saturday to entrust
former South African President Thabo Mbeki with an emergency mission to Cote d'
Ivoire, according to a statement from AU.
Brazilian, Spanish leaders pay homage to late Argentine president
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and King of Spain Juan Carlos on
Saturday paid homage to Nestor Kirchner, the former Argentine president who
passed away in October.
4th Ld-Writethru: Two killed, 83 injured in Russian plane
emergency landing
At least two people were killed and 83 others injured when a Tu-154 plane
skidded off the runway during an emergency landing at Moscow's Domodedovo
airport on Saturday, local media reported.
Spanish airspace reopens after air traffic controllers return to
work
Spanish airspace reopened on Saturday afternoon after 24 hours of chaos caused
by a wildcat strike by the country's air-traffic controllers.
Urgent: Obama says trade deal with ROK to support U.S. jobs
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Saturday that latest data showed the country
still needs to create more jobs, and that a new trade deal with the Republic of
Korea (ROK) will help support at least 70,000 U.S. jobs.
Over 325 flights called off in Chicago because of heavy snow
More than 325 flights have been canceled at Chicago's O'Hare International
Airport because of heavy snowfall on Saturday morning, the Chicago Department of
Aviation said.
1st Ld: Obama says trade deal with ROK will support U.S. jobs
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Saturday that latest data showed the country
still needed to create more jobs, and that a new trade deal with the Republic of
Korea (ROK) would help support at least 70,000 U.S. jobs.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Obama says trade deal with ROK will support
U.S. jobs
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Saturday that latest data showed the country
still needed to create more jobs, and that a new trade deal with the Republic of
Korea (ROK) would help support at least 70,000 U.S. jobs.
Luxury family Hermes moving to defend against hostile
acquisition: report
French luxury family Hermes is examining schemes over the weekend to further
protect its capital scattered among family members from external acquisition,
after the world's largest luxury goods conglomerate LVMH sneaked 17 percent of
its shares.
Ibero-American Summit concludes
The 20th Ibero- American Summit concluded here on Saturday with the issuance of
a Declaration of Mar del Plata.
Greek police discover hideout of local terrorist group, detain
eight
Greek police discovered the hideout of a local terrorist group in Athens on
Saturday afternoon and eight suspects have been detained so far, according to
Greek media reports.
Interview: Danish minister says too early to talk about final
result at Cancun
by Alexander Manda
Roundup: U.S. pushes for new energy policies
The United States has been pushing hard for the new, clean and renewable energy
policies in the past year, though obstacles still exist in the U.S. Congress,
big oil companies and among Americans who do not want to pay higher costs and
taxes for the revolution.
1st Ld-Writethru: Ibero-American Summit concludes
The 20th Ibero- American Summit concluded here on Saturday with the issuance of
a Declaration of Mar del Plata.
Feature: Surviving passengers recall horrifying landing at Moscow
airport
It was 5 p.m. local time (1400 GMT) on Saturday, and amid heavy snow several
ambulances with flashing blue lights were rushing toward downtown Moscow on the
main road connecting the Domodedevo airport.
UN chief deeply concerned over political standoff in Cote
d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon on Saturday voiced his deep concern over the
ongoing political standoff in Cote d'Ivoire following the presidential runoff,
and called on the people of the West African country "to remain calm and
patient."
Roundup: Wrestling over Kyoto Protocol heats up at Cancun
by Ren Haijun, Liu Lili and Wang Yujue
Montenegro asks NATO to help with flooding
The Montenegrin army has requested logistical support from NATO to help it cope
with wide-scale flooding that has befallen this tiny Balkan country in recent
days, reported Montenegrin Radio and Television on Saturday.
Greek police foil planned attack by local terrorist group
ATHENS, Dec. 4 (Xinhua)-- Greek police have foiled an imminent attack against a
judicial target planned by a local terrorist group, Greek media reported on
Saturday evening, adding that a counter-terrorism investigation is underway
across the country.
Interview: China won't compromise on issues of principle, says
chief negotiator
by Xinhua writers Liu Lili, Wang Yujue
Paraguay takes over rotating presidency of Ibero-America
Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo on Saturday took over as the rotating Ibero-
American Secretary-General (Segib).
Roundup: Russian passenger plane breaks in emergency landing,
killing two
A Tu-154 plane skidded off the runway, crashed into a small hill and broke into
three parts during an emergency landing at Moscow's Domodedovo airport on
Saturday, killing two and injuring 87.
At least 12 killed in cholera-related violence in Haiti
At least 12 people have been killed in rural Haiti during the past week on
accusations they used "black magic" to infect people in a fast-spereading
cholera epidemic, police say.
News Analysis: The OSCE: To be, or not to be?
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) concluded its
seventh summit on Friday, but saw its 56 members failing to agree on a detailed
framework of action to sharpen its influence in future moves.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 5
At least two people were killed and 83 others injured when a Tu-154 plane
skidded off the runway during an emergency landing at Moscow's Domodedovo
airport on Saturday, local media reported.
Red alert declared in Ecuador amid volcanic activity
Red alert was declared Saturday in 16 localities near Tungurahua Volcano in
central Ecuador amid increased volcanic activity.
Portuguese PM stresses ties with China
Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates on Saturday hailed his country's ties
with China as Beijing offered to help Portugal fight the global financial
crisis.
Roundup: Heavy snowfall disrupts traffic in Netherlands
A blizzard blanketed the Netherlands and the rest of Western Europe on Saturday
with snowfalls up to 20 cm in some places, severely disrupting traffic.
Ibero-American chief hails L. America-China ties
Ibero-American Secretary General Enrique Iglesias said on Saturday that the ties
between Latin America and China have been intensified.
Small island states demand deeper carbon cuts
Small island countries are most vulnerable to climate change are already
experiencing serious problems, and therefore call for deeper carbon cuts, an
expert said.
Ibero-American Leaders urge Argentina, UK to resume territory
talks
Leaders attending the 20th Ibero-American Summit issued a declaration here
Saturday, urging Argentina and Britain to resume negotiations on a territory
dispute.
Costa Rican FM hails FTA with China
Costa Rican Foreign Minister Rene Castro said on Saturday that the Free Trade
Agreement (FTA) with China will help his country overcome the challenge of
global financial crisis.
Dominican R. reports new cholera case
The Dominican Republic reported a new cholera case on Saturday, raising the
number of the country's cases to 16.
3 candidates named for Unasur's secretary general
The Union of South American Nations (Unasur) has three candidates to succeed its
late  Secretary General Nestor Kirchner, Argentine Foreign Minister Hector
Timerman said on Saturday.
Draft text released at Cancun climate conference
At the end of the first week of the ongoing UN climate change conference, a
33-page UN draft text outlining options for a possible deal for the conference
was released Saturday.
Roundup: Ibero-American summit vows to promote education
by Alejandra del Palacio, Zhou Jianxin
China won't follow energy-intensive development model, expert
says
Committed to curbing global warming, China will not follow the old energy-
intensive economic development model of developed nations, a Chinese energy
expert said.
Argentina inks 1.8 bln USD agreements
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez Saturday signed seven financial
agreements which amount to about 1.877 billion U.S. dollars and aim to support
education and technology, among others.
Brazil's Lula vows to stay in politics after presidency
Outgoing Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Saturday he would
remain politically active after his term ends.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0445 GMT, Dec. 5
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez Saturday signed seven financial
agreements which amount to about 1.877 billion U.S. dollars and aim to support
education and technology, among others. (Argentina-Agreements)
DPRK warns S. Korea against "rash acts"
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) Sunday urged South Korea to
"stop acting rashly and ponder over the catastrophic consequences."
Chinese, U.S. political parties conlcude dialogue
Senior officials of the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the U.S. Democratic
and Republican Parties on Friday concluded a two-day meeting designed to promote
party-to-party exchanges.
News Analysis: U.S. economy faces serious difficulties despite
pay freeze, attempted  deficit control plan
by Xinhua Writer Liu Lina
More jobs expected to be eliminated in L.A. to narrow deficit
More jobs have to be eliminated in Los Angeles if the city wants to narrow its
87.84-million- dollar deficit, authorities said on Friday.
2010 3rd warmest year: WMO
This year will be the third warmest year on record since 1850, the World
Meteorological Organization (WMO) said here Friday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec.4
A cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew aboard sank off the waters of the Philippines'
Batanes province on Friday afternoon, the Philippine National Police (PNP) said
Saturday.(Philippines- Ship-Sink)
Interview: Expert says UN should remain mechanism for climate
talks
by Ren Haijun, Liu Lili
EU open to another period of Kyoto Protocol: officials
Europe was willing to commit to a second period of the Kyoto Protocol but it had
to be a balanced deal, European Union officials said here Friday.
Spain says to declare state of alert if air traffic chaos
continue
The chaos caused by a wildcat strike by Spain's air-traffic controllers Friday
afternoon continued Saturday morning and the government threatened to declare a
state of alert.
DPRK blasts efforts to form U.S.-Japan-South Korea military
alliance
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) condemned the triangle military
alliance by the United States, South Korea and Japan, official Rodong Sinmun
said in a signed article on Saturday.
Urgent: Spanish airlines suspend flights to/from Spain
Spain's national airline Iberia and budget carrier Ryanair Saturday announced
they have suspended all flights in and out of Spain due to a strike by local air
traffic controllers.
Continuation of Kyoto Protocol needs sincerity: researcher
The continuation of the Kyoto Protocol needs developed countries' sincerity and
decision, a Chinese researcher said here Friday.
Commentary: Behind China's trade surplus with United States
For an iPod player that is assembled in China and sold in the United States at a
price of 299 U.S. dollars, its corporate headquarters in the United States would
get 163 dollars and Chinese laborers 4 dollars. But every iPod player would add
150 dollars to China's trade surplus with the United States.
Urgent: Spain declares state of alarm over air traffic chaos
The Spanish government on Saturday declared a state of alarm over air traffic
chaos in the country triggered by a wildcat strike, officials said.
1st LD: Spain declares state of alarm over air traffic chaos
The Spanish government on Saturday declared a state of alarm over air traffic
chaos in the country triggered by a wildcat strike.
Urgent: Russian plane roll off runway during emergency landing:
report
A Russian Tu-154 plane skidded off the runway and was partially damaged during
an emergency landing at Moscow's Domodedova airport on Saturday, local media
reported.
Urgent: Two killed, 10 injured in Russian plane emergency landing
At least two people were killed and 10 were injured when a Tu-154 plane skidded
off the runway during an emergency landing at Moscow's Domodedovo airport
Saturday, local media reported.
1st LD: Two killed, 10 injured in Russian plane emergency landing
At least two people were killed and 10 were injured when a Tu-154 plane skidded
off the runway during an emergency landing at Moscow's Domodedovo airport
Saturday, local media reported.
2nd LD: Two killed, dozens injured in Russian plane emergency
landing
At least two people were killed and dozens injured when a Tu-154 plane skidded
off the runway during an emergency landing at Moscow's Domodedovo airport
Saturday, local media reported.
Feature: Vancouver celebrates achievements of persons with
disabilities
by Al Campbell
2nd LD: Spain declares state of alarm, some air controllers
returning to work
Spain on Saturday declared an unprecedented state of alarm over an air traffic
controllers strike that largely closed the country's air space and forced the
cancellation of numerous flights.
3rd LD: Two killed, 40 injured in Russian plane emergency landing
At least two people were killed and 40 were injured when a Tu-154 plane skidded
off the runway during an emergency landing at Moscow's Domodedovo airport
Saturday, local media reported.
U.S. secret spacecraft returns to earth after 7-month mission
A secretive unmanned spacecraft operated by the U.S. Air Force dropped from
orbit and landed itself at a California airbase after a classified maiden flight
that lasted more than  seven months, officials said.
3rd LD: Spain declares state of alarm, air traffic controllers
return to work
Spanish air traffic controllers began returning to work Saturday after a strike
that largely closed the country's air space and forced the government to declare
an unprecedented state of alarm.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 4
Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo was sworn in as president on
Saturday, amid defiance from his rival, former prime minister Alassane Ouattara
whose victory was supported by the electoral commission and the international
community, but rejected by the Constitutional Council.
Azerbaijan confirms bird flu outbreak in its west
Azerbaijani authorities have confirmed a bird flu outbreak in western regions of
the country where poultry farms have already reported numerous deaths from the
disease.
Second change of plans as Barca to play on Saturday night
FC Barcelona' s away game to Osasuna will finally go ahead after a late change
of plan by the Spanish football league.
Atletico Madrid crash to defeat away to Levante
Atletico Madrid's wretched week continued on Saturday night when they slipped to
a 2-0 defeat away to Levante.
France takes dramatic lead over Serbia in Davis Cup final
In a dramatic come-from-behind victory, France has taken the lead in the Davis
Cup finals over Serbia on Saturday, as the French doubles pair of Arnaud Clement
and Michael Llodra fought their way back from a two-set deficit at the Belgrade
Arena.
Barcelona go cross conutry before winning 3-0 in Pamplona
Leo Messi scored twice and Pedro Rodriguez netted his fourth goal of the season
as FC Barcelona won 3-0 away to Osasuna.
Bayern, Mainz and Hamburg lose in Bundesliga
Schalke secured a morale-boosting 2-0 win over defending champion Bayern Munich
in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Barcelona and Madrid both win in Saturday's games in Spain
FC Barcelona survived what could have been a difficult game away to Osasuna to
remain top of the BBVA Primera Liga with a 3-0 win this Saturday night.
China wins two golds on 1st day of World Cup short-track
speedskating
China claimed two gold medals on Saturday at the ISU World Cup short-track
speedskating event in Changchun, the capital of northeast China's Jilin
Porvince.
Results of Spanish first-division soccer league
Following are the results from the 14th round of Spain's first-division soccer
league on Saturday (home teams listed first):
Results of Italian first-division soccer league
Following are the results from the Italian Serie A matches on Saturday (home
teams listed first):
Nigerians hail choice of Russia, Qatar for future World Cups
Football enthusiasts in Nigeria have said the choice of Russia and Qatar as
hosts of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups respectively will further spread the
development of the game across the world.
More rain on fourth day of Sri Lanka, West Indies Test
The West Indies cricket team progressed to eight for 308 on the fourth day of
the final Test against Sri Lanka at central town of Kandy's Pallekele Stadium on
Saturday.
2010/2011 Essent ISU World Cup Speed Skating Changchun stage
kicks off
The 2010/2011 Essent ISU World Cup Speed Skating Changchun stage kicks off and
Chinese team has no medals.
Pakistan's 33-member contingent to feature in Asian Beach Games
Pakistan's 33-member contingent of players will take part in the 2nd Asian Beach
Games scheduled from Dec. 8 to Dec. 16, sources told Xinhua on Saturday.
Expectation ahead of first Basque Derby in three years
Football fans in the cities of Bilbao and San Sebastian are counting down the
hours before the return of the Basque derby between Real Sociedad and Athletic
Club Bilbao this Sunday.
FC Barcelona fall prey to air-traffic controllers strike
FC Barcelona's away game to Osasuna, which was scheduled to be played this
Saturday night, has fallen prey to a combination of the bad weather and the air-
traffic controllers strike that has paralyzed Spain.
Indonesia beats Laos in soccer match
Indonesia defeated Laos in a preliminary round of Suzuki Cup-ASEAN Football
Federation on Saturday by 6-0, private TV station RCTI reported in a live event.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 4
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 4:
At least 6 killed in Internet cafe explosion in SW China
At least six people were killed and several others injured in an explosion that
ripped through an Internet cafe in southwest China's Guizhou Province Saturday
night, according to rescue workers at the scene.
1st Ld: 6 killed, 34 injured in Internet cafe explosion in SW
China
At least six people were killed and 34 others injured in an explosion that
ripped through an Internet cafe in southwest China's Guizhou Province Saturday
night, according to local police.
2nd Ld-Writethru: 6 killed, 37 injured in Internet cafe blast in
SW China
Six people were killed and 37 others injured in an explosion that ripped through
an Internet cafe in southwest China's Guizhou Province Saturday night, according
to police.
Police hunt launched after Uygur peddler killed in fight in south
China
Chinese police are looking for people involved in a fight in southern Guangdong
Province that led to the death of a Uygur street peddler from northwestern
Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
China to intensify supervision of futures market: official
China will intensify its supervision and regulation of the futures market, and
severely crack down on insider trading and market manipulation, according to the
country's securities regulator.
China Focus: China's burgeoning rental car market, changing with
foreign investment
As foreign investment floods into China's burgeoning car rental market, the
sector is facing a possible reshuffle due to increased competition.
China Cultural and Archaeological News in Brief: digital filming
of caves, dinosaur  park, ice sculptures, traditional Gelao
culture
The following are some of China's cultural and archaeological news items in
brief:
Over 1,000 petitioners air grievances outside CCTV headquarters
in Beijing
More than 1,000 petitioners gathered outside the headquarters of China Central
Television (CCTV) in downtown Beijing Saturday morning to air grievances on
different issues and seek media help.
Shanghai Expo experience should be used to push China forward,
says president
China's experience in hosting the Shanghai World Expo should be used to further
the country's scientific and social development, said President Hu Jintao
Friday.
China encourages more supermarkets to buy direct from food
producers
China is encouraging more supermarkets to buy direct from food producers so to
cut out the middlemen and benefit consumers and growers, a government official
said Saturday.
Senior Chinese leader calls for people-oriented law enforcement
A senior leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC) on Saturday said law
enforcement work should be orientated to serve the people's needs.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 4
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 4:
10 missing after Panamanian-flagged ship sinks off south China
coast
Ten Chinese sailors were missing after their vessel flying Panamanian flag sank
off the coast of China's southern province of Guangdong Saturday, local
authorities said.
HK chief executive vows no slack-off in drug fight
Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang said on Saturday the government will not
slack off in its fight against drugs, despite a 20 percent drop in the number of
drug abusers aged below 21 in the first half of this year.
HK, Chile agree on avoidance of double taxation
Hong Kong and Chile inked an agreement Saturday on the avoidance of double
taxation on shipping income between the two economies, according to the local
government website.
Chinese vice president starts torch relay for Guangzhou Asian
Para Games
Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping on Saturday began a torch relay for the
Guangzhou 2010 Asian Para Games when he lit the main torch in downtown Beijing.
EgyptAir to launch Cairo-Guangzhou direct link this month
EgyptAir is to fly direct between the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou and
Cairo starting Dec. 16, offering four flights a week, the carrier said here
Saturday.
Xinhua Insight: China to launch large-scale public selections of
leading officials
BEIJING, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) - The Municipal Party School in Suzhou City, south
China's Jiangsu Province, received a special group of "students" Friday morning
for a class on current economic development and future trend.
Xinhua Insight: Smaller Chinese cities driving into "congestion
era"
When the evening rush hour comes, taxi driver Tao Xingzhong rolls down the
window and lights a cigarette. He smokes to kill the time while crawling along
in traffic jams in this eastern China city.
HK to complete barrier-free improvement works by mid-2012
Hong Kong, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) -- Most of the improvement works at government
premises and public housing estates will be completed by mid-2012 to create a
barrier-free environment for persons with disabilities, the Secretary for Labor
and Welfare, Matthew Cheung Kin-chung, said on Saturday.
Chinese vice premier calls for better services for the disabled
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang has urged the country to offer better services
for the disabled.
Famed Chinese yogurt maker announces huge debts
Taizinai, a leading Chinese yogurt manufacturer currently undergoing bankruptcy
reorganization, declared Saturday it has enormous debts owed to domestic
investors along with unconfirmed debts to foreign investors, including Citibank.
UAE still looking forward to GCC unified currency: minister
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) is still looking forward to joining plans to set
up a unified currency among the six countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council,
Economy Minister Sultan al-Mansouri said Sunday.
UAE still looking forward to GCC unified currency: minister
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) is still looking forward to joining plans to set
up a unified currency among the six countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council,
Economy Minister Sultan al-Mansouri said Sunday.
Oman ruler holds talks with U.S. defense chief
Sultan Qaboos of Oman held talks Sunday with U.S. Defense Secretary Robert
Gates, who arrived in the Gulf state earlier in the day.
Oman ruler holds talks with U.S. defense chief
Sultan Qaboos of Oman held talks Sunday with U.S. Defense Secretary Robert
Gates, who arrived in the Gulf state earlier in the day.
Three killed, six injured in Algeria fire
Three people were killed and six others injured Sunday when a massive fire
ripped through a hotel in southern Algeria, state-run APS news agency reported.
Three killed, six injured in Algeria fire
Three people were killed and six others injured Sunday when a massive fire
ripped through a hotel in southern Algeria, state-run APS news agency reported.
Gulf states want their voice heard: UAE FM
Foreign Minister of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al
Nahyan said Sunday that six states of the Gulf Cooperation Council want their
voice heard in the world.
Gulf states want their voice heard: UAE FM
Foreign Minister of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al
Nahyan said Sunday that six states of the Gulf Cooperation Council want their
voice heard in the world.
Abu Dhabi summit to serve as turning point in GCC drive:
secretary general
Secretary General of Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Abdul Rahman bin Hamad Al
Attiya said here late Saturday the upcoming Abu Dhabi summit will serve as a
turning point in the GCC joint action in all domains, reported UAE official WAM
news agency.
Abu Dhabi summit to serve as turning point in GCC drive:
secretarygeneral
Abu Dhabi summit to serve as turning point in GCC drive: secretary general
Backgrounder: The Gulf Cooperation Council
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) are to meet Monday here
for their 31st summit, with economic integration and regional hot-spot issues
looming high on their agenda.
Backgrounder: The Gulf Cooperation Council
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) are to meet Monday here
for their 31st summit, with economic integration and regional hot-spot issues
looming high on their agenda.
Iran says assassination of nuclear scientist aims at spreading
fear: DM
Iranian Defense Minister Brigadier General Ahmad Vahidi said Sunday that the
assassination of the Iranian nuclear scientist aims at spreading fear among the
Iranian scientists, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Iran says assassination of nuclear scientist aims at spreading
fear:DM
Iran says assassination of nuclear scientist aims at spreading fear:
Iran blames UN for disclosing Iranian nuclear scientists' names
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki blamed United Nations Security
Council for disclosing the names of Iranian nuclear scientists in their
resolutions, the local satellite Press TV reported on Sunday.
Iran blames UN for disclosing Iranian nuclear scientists' names
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki blamed United Nations Security
Council for disclosing the names of Iranian nuclear scientists in their
resolutions, the local satellite Press TV reported on Sunday.
Urgent: Iran says "self-sufficient" in producing nuclear yellow
cake
Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali-Akbar Salehi said Sunday
that Iran became "self- sufficient" in producing nuclear yellowcake, the state
TV reported.
Urgent: Iran says "self-sufficient" in producing nuclear
yellowcake
Urgent: Iran says "self-sufficient" in producing nuclear yellow cake
1st LD: Iran says "self-sufficient" in producing nuclear
yellowcake
Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali-Akbar Salehi said Sunday
that Iran has become self-sufficient in producing nuclear yellowcake, state TV
reported.
1st LD: Iran says "self-sufficient" in producing nuclear
yellowcake
Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali-Akbar Salehi said Sunday
that Iran has become self-sufficient in producing nuclear yellowcake, state TV
reported.
Hamas's Haneya: Israel's wildfire of God's revenge
Deposed Prime Minister of the Hamas government in the Gaza Strip Ismail Haneya
said Sunday the wildfire in Israel, which has killed more than 40 people, was
God' s revenge.
Hamas's Haneya: Israel's wildfire of God's revenge
Deposed Prime Minister of the Hamas government in the Gaza Strip Ismail Haneya
said Sunday the wildfire in Israel, which has killed more than 40 people, was
God' s revenge.
Roundup: Israeli fire services "optimistic" in containing blaze
by Dave Bender
Roundup: Israeli fire services "optimistic" in containing blaze
by Dave Bender
No plans yet to dissolve PNA: Fatah official
There are no plans yet to dissolve the Palestinian National Authority (PNA)
despite the breakdown of peace talks with Israel, a Palestinian official said
Sunday.
No plans yet to dissolve PNA: Fatah official
There are no plans yet to dissolve the Palestinian National Authority (PNA)
despite the breakdown of peace talks with Israel, a Palestinian official said
Sunday.
Urgent: German tourist dies in shark attack in Egypt
A 70-year-old German woman tourist was killed on Sunday in a shark attack off
Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm El-Sheikh, local sources told Xinhua.
Urgent: German tourist dies in shark attack in Egypt
A 70-year-old German woman tourist was killed on Sunday in a shark attack off
Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm El-Sheikh, local sources told Xinhua.
1st LD: German tourist dies in shark attack in Egypt
A 70-year-old German woman tourist was killed on Sunday in a shark attack off
Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm El-Sheikh, local sources told Xinhua.
1st LD: German tourist dies in shark attack in Egypt
A 70-year-old German woman tourist was killed on Sunday in a shark attack off
Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm El-Sheikh, local sources told Xinhua.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,360 points on
Sunday, increasing by 2 points from last Thursday's finish.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,360 points on
Sunday, increasing by 2 points from last Thursday's finish.
Gaza farmers face hard season amid severe water shortage
The Gaza Strip faces a tough season since the water resources dried up due to
the severe shortage of ground water and the lack of rain this winter, which is
expected to result in big losses to Gaza's farmers, experts and farmers in Gaza
told Xinhua on Sunday.
Gaza farmers face hard season amid severe water shortage
The Gaza Strip faces a tough season since the water resources dried up due to
the severe shortage of ground water and the lack of rain this winter, which is
expected to result in big losses to Gaza's farmers, experts and farmers in Gaza
told Xinhua on Sunday.
Egypt's stock exchange indices close higher
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,762.44 points on Sunday, up 1.09
percent from previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index, ended 0.07
percent higher at 735.05 points.
Egypt's stock exchange indices close higher
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,762.44 points on Sunday, up 1.09
percent from previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index, ended 0.07
percent higher at 735.05 points.
2nd LD: Egypt starts 2nd round of parliamentary polls
Egypt started on Sunday the second round of parliamentary polls amid a boycott
by two major opposition blocs over alleged fraud and violence in the first round
last Sunday.
2nd LD: Egypt starts 2nd round of parliamentary polls
Egypt started on Sunday the second round of parliamentary polls amid a boycott
by two major opposition blocs over alleged fraud and violence in the first round
last Sunday.
2nd LD: German tourist killed in shark attack in Egypt
A 70-year-old German woman tourist died after being attacked by a shark in
Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm El-Sheikh on Sunday, local sources told Xinhua.
2nd LD: German tourist killed in shark attack in Egypt
A 70-year-old German woman tourist died after being attacked by a shark in
Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm El-Sheikh on Sunday, local sources told Xinhua.
Roundup: Palestinian official says not yet to dissolve PNA,
welcomes Brazil's recognition of state
by Saud Abu Ramadan
Roundup: Palestinian official says not yet to dissolve
PNA,welcomes Brazil's recognition of state
Roundup: Palestinian official says not yet to dissolve PNA, welcomes Brazil's
recognition of state
Haneya urges Shalit's captors to stick to demands
Deposed Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haneya on Sunday called on captors of the
Israeli soldier Gilad Shailt in Gaza to stick to their demands and conditions on
releasing him, urging the captors to keep Shalit "until achieving an honorable
swap deal" with Israel.
Haneya urges Shalit's captors to stick to demands
Deposed Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haneya on Sunday called on captors of the
Israeli soldier Gilad Shailt in Gaza to stick to their demands and conditions on
releasing him, urging the captors to keep Shalit "until achieving an honorable
swap deal" with Israel.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,042.83 points on
Sunday, up 3.96 points from Thursday's close. The turnover was about 1.02
billion shekels (about 280 million U.S. dollars).
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,042.83 points on
Sunday, up 3.96 points from Thursday's close. The turnover was about 1.02
billion shekels (about 280 million U.S. dollars).
Italian FM in Iraq for bilateral ties, talks about Aziz,
Christians
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini arrived in Baghdad on Sunday to hold
talks with Iraqi leaders aiming at promoting bilateral ties and to discuss
situation of Christian minority in Iraq.
Italian FM in Iraq for bilateral ties, talks about Aziz,
Christians
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini arrived in Baghdad on Sunday to hold
talks with Iraqi leaders aiming at promoting bilateral ties and to discuss
situation of Christian minority in Iraq.
Experts call for strategies to address water shortage in the Arab
world
Arab water experts on Sunday called for drawing up strategies to address water
shortage in the Arab world, adding that water crisis affects the Arab countries'
development and progress.
Experts call for strategies to address water shortage in the
Arabworld
Experts call for strategies to address water shortage in the Arab world
Israeli PM calls for end to foreign firefighting aircraft: report
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday called on the air force to
cancel further requests for firefighting aircraft from other countries, a move
that would indicate clear success in battling the flames ravaging Mt. Carmel
near Haifa.
Israeli PM calls for end to foreign firefighting aircraft: report
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday called on the air force to
cancel further requests for firefighting aircraft from other countries, a move
that would indicate clear success in battling the flames ravaging Mt. Carmel
near Haifa.
Roundup: As massive fire contained, Israeli political feuding
begins over who to blame
by Gur Salomon
Roundup: As massive fire contained, Israeli political
feudingbegins over who to blame
Roundup: As massive fire contained, Israeli political feuding begins over who to
blame
Unified efforts needed to boost e-commerce in the Arab world:
experts
AMMAN, Dec. 5 (Xinhua) - E-commerce experts from the Arab world convened in
Amman Sunday at the start of the Arab Conference on E-Commerce  to look into
mechanisms to boost and develop inter- Arab e-commerce.
Unified efforts needed to boost e-commerce in the Arab
world:experts
Unified efforts needed to boost e-commerce in the Arab world:
Roundup: Iran announces nuclear achievement ahead of Geneva
meeting
A day ahead of meeting between Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili and
European Union (EU) foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton on behalf of the five
UN Security Council permanent members and Germany (G5+1), Iran announced a
nuclear achievement on Sunday.
Roundup: Iran announces nuclear achievement ahead of Geneva
meeting
A day ahead of meeting between Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili and
European Union (EU) foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton on behalf of the five
UN Security Council permanent members and Germany (G5+1), Iran announced a
nuclear achievement on Sunday.
Roundup: Qatar Exchange rises for successful World Cup bid for
2022
Investors in the Gulf Arab region on Sunday saw the Qatar Exchange's QE Index
gaining over 7 percent at the opening, after the Gulf state won its bid to host
the FIFA World Cup in 2022.
Roundup: Qatar Exchange rises for successful World Cup bid for
2022
Investors in the Gulf Arab region on Sunday saw the Qatar Exchange's QE Index
gaining over 7 percent at the opening, after the Gulf state won its bid to host
the FIFA World Cup in 2022.
Forest fires rage across Lebanon
Forest fires raged across Lebanon Sunday, with the country's interior minister
hinting the possibility of arson.
Forest fires rage across Lebanon
Forest fires raged across Lebanon Sunday, with the country's interior minister
hinting the possibility of arson.
U.S. proposal for resuming peace talks expected within days:
Abbas
Palestinian National Authority (PNA) President Mahmoud Abbas said here Sunday
that the United States is expected to announce a proposal in the coming few days
to resume the stalled Palestinian-Israeli talks.
U.S. proposal for resuming peace talks expected within days:
Abbas
Palestinian National Authority (PNA) President Mahmoud Abbas said here Sunday
that the United States is expected to announce a proposal in the coming few days
to resume the stalled Palestinian-Israeli talks.
GCC summit to advance realization of GCC customs union, single
currency
Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Secretary General Abdul Rahman bin Hamad Al
Attiya said Sunday the upcoming GCC summit will advance the realization of the
GCC customs union, common market and single currency, UAE official WAM news
agency reported.
GCC summit to advance realization of GCC customs union,
singlecurrency
GCC summit to advance realization of GCC customs union, single currency
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 5
Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali- Akbar Salehi said Sunday
that Iran has become self-sufficient in producing nuclear yellowcake, state TV
reported.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 5
Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali- Akbar Salehi said Sunday
that Iran has become self-sufficient in producing nuclear yellowcake, state TV
reported.
GCC FMs meet to complete final agenda for upcoming summit
Foreign Ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries meet here late
Sunday to complete discussion on remaining economic topics on the agenda for the
summit on Dec.6-7.
GCC FMs meet to complete final agenda for upcoming summit
Foreign Ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries meet here late
Sunday to complete discussion on remaining economic topics on the agenda for the
summit on Dec.6-7.
23 seals clubbed to death in New Zealand South Island
Twenty-three seals, including eight newborns, have been clubbed to death at the
Ohau Point seal colony near New Zealand South Island's popular tourist spot of
Kaikoura.
Dollar in upper 82 yen zone in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the upper 82 yen range early Monday in Tokyo.
Australian floods destroy crops, could cost more than 1 bln USD
Australia's farmers believe more than 1 billion U.S. dollars could be wiped off
the value of crops in the state of New South Wales (NSW) as a result of the
floods that are ravaging the state, said the NSW Farmers Association on Monday.
Public support rate for Kan's Cabinet drops to lowest level:
Japanese poll
The public support rate for Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan's Cabinet declined
to 25 percent, marking its lowest level since June when it was inaugurated, a
latest poll conducted by the Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper revealed on Monday.
Protesters in Auckland against Pacific trade deal
A group of protesters gathered in Auckland on Monday to voice opposition to a
proposed trans- Pacific free trade agreement.
S. Korea starts live-fire exercise amid lingering tension
South Korea started Monday a live- fire drill in 29 sites around the country
including a western island near a disputed sea border with the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), the South Korean navy said.
Interview: Palestine appreciative of Indonesia's aid, support
by Cundoko Aprilianto
Sri Lankan Tamils protest diaspora action against Rajapaksa
Sri Lanka's Tamil community in former Tamil rebel controlled regions in the
north have condemned the Tamil diaspora's protest action during President
Mahinda Rajapaksa's visit to Britain last week.
Leftist rebel killed, soldier wounded in C. Philippines
A New People's Army (NPA) rebel died and a government soldier was wounded in the
central province of Capiz Saturday afternoon, Philippine military said Sunday.
Moderate quake hits Timor-Leste
A moderate earthquake measuring 5.1 Richter scale hit Timor-Leste at 10:55 local
time on Monday (0155 GMT), the Indonesia's Meteorology, Climatology and
Geophysics Agency said here in a statement.  The earthquake was centered 180
kilometers southeast of the capital city of Dili and at depth of 30 kilometers
under seabed.  The agency did not release a tsunami warning.
British minister postpones Sri Lanka visit
British Foreign Office Minister Alistair Burt has postponed his Sri Lanka visit,
diplomatic sources said here Sunday.
Thai king urges people to do duties with consciousness
King Bhumibol Adulyadej on Sunday called on Thai people to carry out their
duties with conscience and consciousness.
60 Taliban militants surrender in western Afghanistan
A group of Taliban fighters have laid down arms and surrendered to government in
the western Afghan province of Herat on Sunday, an official said.
Indonesian terrorists target foreign oil executives
Terrorists planned to attack executives of an international oil company in Riau
province as well as tourists visiting Anak Krakatau volcano in the Sunda Strait,
local media reported here on Monday.
Do away with four "ailments", Malaysia's ruling coalition told
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the Barisan Nasional (BN), Malaysia's
federal ruling coalition, must get rid of four "ailments" or risk being
abandoned by the voters.
Afghan conflicts claim 119 lives over past week
Taliban-led insurgency in the war- torn Afghanistan have left 119 people dead
including 75 Taliban insurgents, 18 civilians and 26 personnel of Afghan
National Police (ANP) over the past week, spokesman of Interior Ministry Zamarai
Bashari said Sunday.
Philippine creative content industry to overtake overseas
Filipino remittances as country's top dollar-earner
The business process outsourcing ( BPO), especially the "creative content
industry," will soon surpass the remittances sent home by overseas Filipinos as
the Philippines' highest dollar-earner in five years, Philippine Commission on
Information Technology and Communications (CICT) said Monday.
Indian police arrest another suspect in gangrape case in Delhi
Indian police have arrested a fourth suspect in a sensational gangrape case of a
30-year-old call center employee in the Indian capital last week, reported the
Indo-Asian News Service on Sunday.
Nepali party leaders agree to adopt three-pillar economic model
Leaders from the major Nepali political parties have finally agreed to adopt
three-pillar economic model in the new constitution.
Urgent: Taliban suicide attack hits eastern Afghan town
Taliban militants carried out a suicide attack in Gerdez city, the capital of
Paktia province in eastern Afghanistan, on Sunday with casualties, an official
said.
Roundup: Floods hammer Australia's eastern states with loss of
billions of dollars
by Christian Edwards,  Jiang Yaping
Afghanistan dominate refugee arrivals in Australia
Australian Federal Government on Monday said nearly half the asylum seekers who
arrived by boat in Australia this year came from Afghanistan.
1st LD Writethru: Taliban suicide attack kills 2 soldiers in
eastern Afghanistan
A Taliban suicide bomber killed two Afghan soldiers and injured four others in
Gerdez city, the capital of Paktia province in eastern Afghanistan on Sunday,
police said.
Border problem between Cambodia, Thailand solved out: Cambodian
PM
Border problem has been solved out between Cambodia and Thailand, and the
situation has returned to that before July 15, 2008, said Cambodian Prime
Minister Hun Sen on Monday at the graduation ceremony in the National Institute
of Education.
Dollar at upper 82 yen level in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the upper 82 yen range Monday morning in Tokyo.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,038.25 points Monday 71.32 points
higher from previous close of 19,966.93 points on investors' optimism.
Roundup: Main index, turnover scale new peaks in Bangladesh's
stock market
By Naim-Ul-Karim
Toyota Prius continues run as top-selling car in Japan for 18
straight months
Toyota Motor Corp.'s hybrid gas- electric powered car continued its run for the
18th straight month as the top-selling car in Japan in November, the Japan
Automobile Dealers Association and the Japan Mini Vehicles Association, said in
a report on Monday.
Suicide attack kills 2 NATO soldiers in east Afghanistan
Two soldiers with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF)
were killed in a suicide attack that hit Afghanistan's eastern Paktia province
on Sunday, a statement of the alliance released here said.
Singapore retailers upbeat on holiday season sales
The Singapore retail industry is hoping for a little something extra in its
Christmas stocking this year, local media reported on Monday.
Roundup: Political figures express mixed reaction over UN mission
in Nepal
UN Under-Secretary- General for Political Affairs B Lynn Pascoe said Nepal's
peace process is moving toward critical period and urged the political leaders
to prove their political will by making compromises and resolving issues of
integration and rehabilitation, power-sharing and the drafting of a new
constitution.
13 killed in bus accident in NW Pakistan
At least 13 people were killed and 15 others injured in a bus accident that took
place Sunday evening in Swat, a city in northwest Pakistan, reported local Urdu
TV channel Samaa.
UN appeals 678 mln USD as humanitarian aid for Afghanistan
The United Nations on Sunday appealed 678 million U.S. dollars as humanitarian
aid for Afghanistan in 2011 to help needy and vulnerable people.
Bangladeshi ship hijacked by pirates in Arabian Sea
A Bangladesh-flagged private cargo ship was hijacked by pirates in the Arabian
Sea Sunday afternoon, official source in Dhaka confirmed.
More foot-and-mouth cases confirmed in S. Korea
Cases of the highly contagious foot- and-mouth (FMD) were spreading rapidly in
South Korea as six more outbreak cases were confirmed in the country on Sunday.
Thailand celebrates king's birthday in grandeur
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Sunday evening led people across the
country in lighting candles to celebrate King Bhumibol Adulyadej's birthday.
Hundreds of families flee as fighting breaks out in S.
Philippines
COTABATO CITY, Philippines, Dec. 5 (Xinhua)-- Hundreds of terrified families
fled in the southern Philippines as fighting between government security forces
and Muslim rebels erupted, an Army official said on Sunday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 5
A draft of Japan's policy guidelines urged for limiting the growth of its
defense expenses at zero percent or lower from their fiscal 2009 level in the
next five years, local media reported on Sunday.
Australia to help Israel fight bushfires
Australia on Sunday answered Israel's call for assistance to fight bushfires in
the country, which have claimed over 40 lives.
Urgent: Train accident in HK's Ocean Park injures 7
Seven people got injured during a train accident in Hong Kong's Ocean Park at
noon on Sunday.
1st LD: Train accident in HK's Ocean Park injures 7
Seven people were injured in a train accident in Hong Kong's Ocean Park at noon
on Sunday, as the train grounded to a sudden halt in the middle of an uphill
journey.
Roundup: Cote d'Ivoire caught in post-election standoff
Unlike what has been expected out of the presidential elections in Cote
d'Ivoire, the West African country failed to end its protracted political crisis
following the Nov. 28 run-off; rather it seems to have enter another round of
standoff.
Roundup: Drama expected when court hears how UK tourist murdered
in South Africa
Explosive revelations about the murder of UK honeymoon bride Anni Dewani in
South Africa on Nov. 13  will emerge in court on Monday, the Sunday Times
newspaper in Johannesburg reported on Sunday.
Saudi Arabia's Aujan to invest 100 ml USD Mozambique resort
A Saudi Arabia based group Aujan has announced investment of 100 million U. S.
dollars in a resort in the southern province of Inhambane in Mozambique.
Nigeria voter registration exercise still on course despite court
injunction: official
Nigeria's electoral commission has the voter registration exercise scheduled to
begin next month is still on course, despite the interim court injunction
restraining the commission.
Rivals of Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent president declare new
government: media
Rivals against Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo declared on
Sunday that they had formed a new government for the country under the incumbent
prime minister Guillaume Soro, media reported.
Hungarian customs authorities seize 312 kg cannabis in truck at
border
Hungarian customs authorities seized 312 kilograms of cannabis, hidden in a
truck with Serbian plates as it attempted to cross into the country, customs
official Jeno Sipos told local wire service MTI on Sunday, adding that this was
the largest catch in a long while.
Serbia draws even with France in Davis Cup finals
Novak Djokovic's convincing win over Gael Monfils in Davis Cup final play has
brought Serbia even with France 2-2, preparing the stage for a gripping final
match for this best-of-five championship.
Indonesian boxer retains WBA title
Indonesian boxer Chris "the Dragon" John on Sunday managed to retain his World
Boxing Association title with unanimous decision against his Argentinian
contender Fernando Saucedo, TV station RCTI reported in a live event.
Serbia win Davis Cup
Serbia won the Davis Cup for the first time on Sunday with a 3-2 win over France
in the final.
Gulf Cup final result
Following is the Gulf Cup final result on Sunday:
Spanish La Liga results
Following are the Spanish La Liga results on Sunday:
Australian golfer Ogilvy wins Australian Open
Australian golfer Geoff Ogilvy on Sunday won his first victory in the Australian
Open at The Lake in Sydney.
Serbia win Davis Cup (updated)
Serbia won the Davis Cup for the first time on Sunday with a 3-2 win over France
in the final.
"Tangled" edges out "Harry Potter 7" to rule box office
A Disney princess has edged out a young wizard in the latest battle for power at
a time of doldrums which reined the post-Thanksgiving North America box office
this weekend, ending the three-day weekend as the top grosser with 21.5 million
dollars.
Leaks may hamper U.S. anti-terrorism intelligence sharing: report
The latest disclosures by the WikiLeaks website have struck a blow to the push
to widely share sensitive information among the massive intelligence
bureaucracy, a newspaper report said on Sunday.
Serbian Davis Cup champions shave heads in celebrating victory
The world champion Serbian Davis Cup team has a new look on Sunday.
Dortmund ensure autumns championship at Bundesliga
Bundesliga leaders Dortmund remain on top of the German Bundesliga until the end
of the winter break due to their ten-point gap to second positioned Mainz after
the expected 2-0 victory over Nuremberg on Sunday.
Kuwait thrash Saudi Arabia to clinch Gulf Cup
Kuwait clinched on Sunday the 20th Gulf Cup hosted by Yemen, thrashing rivals
Saudi Arabia in 1-0 through extra time.
UN chief lauds millions of volunteers for helping to build better
world
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Sunday lauded millions of volunteers across
the globe for their "vital role" in building a better world.
Hermes plans to create holding company in defending unity
French luxury family Hermes announced on Sunday its decision to create a holding
company with over 50 percent stake of the brand, in an effort to keep united its
scattering capital in hands of family members.
Winter birth may affect one's personality: mouse study
Mice born in winter may be more likely to show dramatic disruptions in their
biological clocks later in life compared with those born in summer, a new study
available here on Sunday  suggests.
Fluminense win Brazilian Championship after 26 years
After 26 years, the Fluminense soccer team won the 2010 Brazilian Championship
on Sunday, Beating a visiting Guarani.
Xinhua world news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 5
Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali- Akbar Salehi said Sunday
that Iran has become self-sufficient in producing nuclear yellowcake, state TV
reported.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 6
Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Secretary General Abdul Rahman bin Hamad Al
Attiya said Sunday the upcoming GCC summit will advance the realization of the
GCC customs union, common market and single currency, UAE official WAM news
agency reported.
Urgent: One killed, dozens missing in Colombia landslide
At least one people was killed and dozens were reportedly missing following a
landslide that buried some 50 houses in northwestern Colombia, local media
reported on Sunday.
1st LD: One killed, dozens missing in Colombia landslide
At least one people was killed and dozens were reportedly missing following a
landslide that buried some 50 houses in northwestern Colombia, local media
reported on Sunday.
Greece nets 6 terror suspects
Greek police have arrested six suspected members of a terrorist organization in
an ongoing anti- terror operation across the country, authorities said on
Sunday.
Roundup: Rival of Ivorian incumbent president names new
government
Ivorian presidential candidate Alassane Ouattara, in a tug of war with incumbent
president Laurent Gbagbo for the presidency, Sunday declared the formation of a
new government to further strengthen his battleground in the fierce contest.
ACP-EU parliamentary assembly refuses to recognize Cote d'Ivoire
president's victory
Parliamentarians from the African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States (ACP)
and the European Union (EU) refused to recognize Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent
President Laurent Gbagbo's reelection, local media reported on Sunday.
2nd LD: One killed, 55 missing in Colombia landslide
At least one person was killed, 7 people injured and 55 others were reported
missing after a landslide buried about 50 houses in northwestern Colombia, local
authorities said on Sunday.
3rd LD: Two killed, 145 missing in Colombia landslide
The number of people buried by a severe landslide in northwestern Colombia could
reach 145 and the death toll has reached two, local authorities said on Sunday.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0445 GMT, Dec. 6
Toyota Motor Corp.'s hybrid gas-electric powered car continued its run for the
18th straight month as the top-selling car in Japan in November, the Japan
Automobile Dealers Association and the Japan Mini Vehicles Association, said in
a report on Monday.
Feature: International Light Festival "dresses up" Milan
by Marzia De Giuli
Roundup: Spanish airspace reopens after air traffic controllers
return to work
Spanish airspace reopened on Saturday afternoon after 24 hours of chaos caused
by a wildcat strike by the country's air traffic controllers.
Bedbugs may flood Los Angeles: report
Already troubled by as many as 55 bedbug cases a month, Los Angeles County would
see an explosion of the problem during the holiday season, a newspaper report
said on Saturday.
Interview: Europe needs political reform to beat crisis,
economist says
by Marzia De Giuli
Urgent: Egypt starts 2nd round of parliamentary polls
Egypt started on Sunday the second round of parliamentary polls amid a boycott
by two major opposition blocs over alleged fraud and violence in the first round
last Sunday.
(Global review) Feature: Reconciling differences key to success
at Cancun
by Xinhua writer Chen Junxia
1st LD: Egypt starts 2nd round of parliamentary polls
Egypt started on Sunday the second round of parliamentary polls amid a boycott
by two major opposition blocs over alleged fraud and violence in the first round
last Sunday.
News Analysis: Letta mentioned as possible successor to
Berlusconi ahead of confidence  vote
by Eric J. Lyman
News Analysis: U.S. deficit looms, cuts face uphill climb
by Matthew Rusling
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 5
Egypt started on Sunday the second round of parliamentary polls amid a boycott
by two major opposition blocs over alleged fraud and violence in the first round
last Sunday.
Death toll in Russian plane accident rises to three
One more passenger of the Tu-154 plane that made an emergency landing in
Moscow's Domodedovo airport died in hospital late Saturday, raising the death
toll of the accident to three, local media reported citing a source.
Urgent: Russia orbits three Glonass satellites
Russia has put three more Glonass navigation satellites into orbit Sunday, said
a spokesman for Russian Space Forces.
1st LD: Russia orbits three Glonass satellites
Russia put three more Glonass navigation satellites into orbit Sunday, said a
spokesman for Russian Space Forces.
Cancun meeting reaches agreement on proposal on education,
training
The 16th Conference of the Parties on Climate Change (COP16) on Saturday reached
its first consensus by approving a proposal on education, training and
consciousness as part of efforts to mitigate climate change.
Spanish airports back to normal after air traffic controllers
strike
Spain's airports were trying to clear backlogs and slowly returning to normal on
Sunday, a day after the end of a wildcat strike by air traffic controllers.
Urgent: Russia's Glonass satellites may fail to reach orbit:
report
The Glonass-M navigation satellites, which have been launched earlier Sunday,
are likely not to have reached their planned orbit, a source with the aerospace
industry said.
Urgent: Three Russian Glonass satellites crash into Pacific
Ocean: report
The three Glonass-M navigation satellites, which have been launched earlier
Sunday, crashed in the Pacific Ocean off Hawaii Islands after falling off
course, RIA news agency reported.
Roundup: Heavy snow sweeps across France
Heavy snow and cold snap swept across France over the week, putting many regions
on high alert about extreme weather and causing traffic delays and
cancellations.
1st LD: Three Russian Glonass satellites crash into Pacific
Ocean, navigation system  not affected
The three Glonass-M navigation satellites, which were launched earlier Sunday,
have crashed in the Pacific Ocean off Hawaii Islands after falling off their
planned course, RIA news agency reported.
France expects nuclear giant Areva's capital increase shortly:
minister
French Industry and Energy Minister Eric Besson said on Sunday the capital rise
of the country's leading nuclear group Areva is "an imminent step," and expected
it to complete soon.
2nd LD Writethru: Three Russian Glonass satellites crash into
Pacific Ocean, no severe  damage to navigation system caused
Three Russian satellites launched earlier Sunday have crashed into the Pacific
Ocean off Hawaii Islands after falling off course, RIA news agency reported.
Speeding car kills seven cyclists in Italy
Police said a speeding car had plowed into a group of cyclists in southern Italy
and killed at least seven on spot.
Sao Paulo ends year with 4-0 win over Atletico-MG
The Sao Paulo soccer team ended the 2010 Brazilian Championship with a 4-0
victory over a visiting Atletico-MG on Sunday.
Corinthians draw 1-1 against Goias
The Corinthians soccer team was only able to produce a 1-1 draw with home team
Goias on Sunday in the last round of the 2010 Brazilian Championship.
Cruzeiro beats Palmeiras 2-1 to finish second
Cruzeiro beat Palmeiras 2-1 at home in the last round of the Brazilian
Championship on Sunday.
Fluminense wins Brazilian Championship
Fluminense won the 2010 Brazilian Championship on Sunday after 26 years.
Atletico-PR beats Avai 1-0
The Atletico-PR soccer team ended the 2010 Brazilian Championship with a 1-0
victory over a visiting Avai on Sunday. Atletico-PR marked its best finish in
the tournament since 2004.
Champions League fixtures
Following are the Champions League fixtures on Tuesday:
(China Sports) "Five animals" exercise blooms in China
Wuqinxi, a medical exercise imitating movements of five animals, has become more
and more popular in China in recent years.
Myanmar to launch fusal league next year
Myanmar will launch its fusal league next year to select players for the 2013
SEA Game, local media reported Sunday.
Results of 2010-2011 NHL on Dec. 4
Following are the results of 2010-2011 National Hockey League (NHL) games on
Saturday (home team in CAPS):
China wins 1 silver on last day of World Cup speed skating
China claimed only one silver medal Sunday at the 2010/ 2011 Essent ISU World
Cup Speed Skating event in Changchun, the capital of northeastern China's Jilin
Province.
Kenyans top Standard Chartered Marathon Singapore
Athletes from Kenya won both the men's and women's elite races at the Standard
Chartered Marathon Singapore on Sunday.
Mourinho praises matchwinner Ronaldo
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho this Sunday praised striker Cristiano Ronaldo
after his side's 2-0 win over Valencia.
Valdano says Madrid to wait for Higuain verdict
Real Madrid' s Director of Sport, Jorge Valdano said this Sunday that his club
would wait and see whether or not striker Gonzalo Higuain would need an
operation on the lumbar hernia that threatens his season.
Two-time world champion Gharib wins Fukuoka Int'l Marathon
Two-time world champion and Beijing Olympic silver medallist Jaouad Gharib
clinched the top place in the Fukuoka International Marathon on Sunday.
South Africa' s Chiefs humble Pirates 3-0
Top South Africa football side Kaizer Chiefs stunned their arch-rivals Orlando
Pirates 3-0 in the Telkom Knockout final at a packed FNB Stadium, Johannesburg,
on Saturday night.
ISU World Cup Short Track ends with China getting one gold and
one silver medal
The second day competition of Changchun stage ISU World Cup Short Track
2010/2011 finished Sunday afternoon.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Grassland fire in southwest China kills at
least 22
A spreading grassland fire in a mountainous Tibetan region in southwest China
proved deadly when it trapped soldiers and local residents trying to put out the
blaze. By Sunday night, at least 22 have been killed and three severely burned,
local officials said.
Writethru: Train accident in HK's Ocean Park injures 7
Seven people were injured in a train accident in Hong Kong's Ocean Park at noon
on Sunday, as the train grounded to a sudden halt in the middle of an uphill
journey, said the park.
China's yuan strengthens to 6.6515 per USD Monday
The value of yuan strengthened as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6515 per U.S. dollar Monday, compared with Friday's
6.6605, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
China stock index futures open mixed Monday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Monday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, opened 14 points higher at 3,189.
ChiNext Index opens slightly lower Monday
ChiNext stocks declined 0.22 points to open at 1,157.72 points Monday.
China Focus: China aims to narrow east-west gap with more
investment, expertise
On frosty Sunday morning, Wang Jinjian joined residents of Huocheng County in
far west China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region to clear streets blanketed by
heavy snow.
Hong Kong stocks open up 0.8 pct
Hong Kong stocks moved up 186.68 points, or 0.8 percent, to open at 23,507.20
Monday.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 175 HK dollars to open at 13,050 HK dollars
per tael Monday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Chemicals stored next door blamed for deadly blast in SW China
Chemicals stored in an adjacent room were the source of the blast that
obliterated an Internet cafe, leaving six dead and 38 injured on Saturday night
in southwest China, local police said on Sunday.
Strong cold front to bring temperature drops in central, eastern
China
A strong cold front will hit most parts of central and eastern China over the
coming two days, bringing sharp temperature drops and winds, meteorological
authorities said Monday.
1st LD-Writethru: Chemicals stored next door blamed for deadly
blast in SW China
Chemicals stored in an adjacent room were the source of the blast that
obliterated an Internet cafe, leaving six dead and 38 injured on Saturday night
in southwest China, local police said on Sunday.
China appoints two new provincial Party chiefs
The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) announced on Monday
a reshuffle of provincial Party leaders for provinces of Jiangsu and Hubei.
Train accident in HK's Ocean Park injures 7
Seven people were injured in a train accident in Hong Kong's Ocean Park at noon
on Sunday, as the train grounded to a sudden halt in the middle of an uphill
journey.
Residential building collapses, leaving five killed, eight
injured in east China
Five people were killed and eight others injured when a residential building
under construction in east China's Jiangxi Province collapsed Sunday.
Feature: There's such thing as a free lunch in China, students
discover
by Zhu Shaobin, Jiang Guocheng, and Wei Biao
Grassland fire put out in southwest China
Fire fighters have put out a wild fire raging for about 24 hours on a plateau
grassland in southwest China's Sichuan Province by noon Monday.
Death toll of SW China Internet cafe blast rises to 7
The death toll from an explosion Saturday that destroyed an Internet cafe rose
to seven after a seriously injured woman died Sunday afternoon.
Roundup-China Focus: Explosion kills 7, injures 37 in SW China
Internet cafe
By Xinhua writers Li Zhongjiang, Yang Hongtao, Yang Dingdu
Chinese credit rating firm Dagong Global gives Ireland BBB for
sovereign debt credit  rating
Chinese credit rating firm Dagong Global Credit Rating assessed the sovereign
credit rating of Ireland at BBB in its third sovereign or regional credit rating
report released Monday.
China Focus: Chinese sit public servant exam, facing intense
competition
by Xinhua writer Zhu Shaobin
1st Ld-Writethru: Explosion kills 7, injures 37 in SW China
Internet cafe
Stacks of illegally stored chemicals in a shop exploded late Saturday night in a
southwest Chinese city, leaving seven killed and 37 injured, including eight
severely, in an adjacent Internet cafe next door, authorities said Sunday.
Grassland fire in southwest China kills at least 22
A spreading grassland fire in a mountainous Tibetan region in southwest China
trapped soldiers and local residents trying to put out the blaze. At least 22
have been killed and one was severely burnt, government officials said Sunday.
1st Ld-Writethru: Grassland fire in southwest China kills at
least 22
A spreading grassland fire in a mountainous Tibetan region in southwest China
proved deadly when it trapped soldiers and local residents trying to put out the
blaze. By Sunday night, at least 22 have been killed and three severely burned,
local officials said.
China builds theme park in spaceport
China is building a science theme park in the middle of its newest spaceport to
promote space science among the country's younger generation.
2nd LD: Egypt's ruling party wins 420 seats in parliamentary
election
Egypt's ruling National Democratic Party (NDP) won a landslide victory in the
parliamentary elections, according to the final results announced by the High
Elections Commission (HEC) on Monday.
Qatari royal family member killed in car accident in Iraq
A member of Qatar's royal family was killed in a car accident while on hunting
trip in Iraq' s western province of Anbar, a provincial police source said on
Monday.
Qatari royal family member killed in car accident in Iraq
A member of Qatar's royal family was killed in a car accident while on hunting
trip in Iraq' s western province of Anbar, a provincial police source said on
Monday.
Turkey to send fire-fighting planes to Lebanon
Turkey will send two fire-fighting planes to Lebanon hit by forest fires,
Turkish Foreign Ministry said Monday.
Turkey to send fire-fighting planes to Lebanon
Turkey will send two fire-fighting planes to Lebanon hit by forest fires,
Turkish Foreign Ministry said Monday.
Iranian, Russian delegations meet in Geneva
Few hours ahead of a meeting between Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Saeed
Jalili and European Union ( EU) foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton on behalf
of the five UN Security Council permanent members and Germany (G5+1), Iranian
and Russian delegations held talks, the official IRNA news agency reported on
Monday.
Iranian, Russian delegations meet in Geneva
Few hours ahead of a meeting between Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Saeed
Jalili and European Union ( EU) foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton on behalf
of the five UN Security Council permanent members and Germany (G5+1), Iranian
and Russian delegations held talks, the official IRNA news agency reported on
Monday.
More Latin American countries to recognize Palestinian state
soon: official
A senior Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) official on Monday revealed
that more Latin American countries will soon recognize a Palestinian state on
1967 borders.
More Latin American countries to recognize Palestinian state
soon:official
More Latin American countries to recognize Palestinian state soon:
Backgrounder: A brief introduction to the 31st GCC summit host
city of Abu Dhabi
Leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries are set to convene
Monday in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) capital Abu Dhabi, where the bloc was
founded about 30 years ago.
Backgrounder: A brief introduction to the 31st GCC summit host
cityof Abu Dhabi
Backgrounder: A brief introduction to the 31st GCC summit host city of Abu Dhabi
Yemen sentences three convicted al-Qaida to prison terms
Three convicted al-Qaida defendants were sentenced Monday to long prison terms
by state security court in south Yemen, Defense Ministry's website reported.
Yemen sentences three convicted al-Qaida to prison terms
Three convicted al-Qaida defendants were sentenced Monday to long prison terms
by state security court in south Yemen, Defense Ministry's website reported.
UAE central bank chief denies to de-peg from U.S. dollar
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) will not de-peg the UAE dirham from the U.S.
dollar, UAE Central Bank chief said Monday.
UAE central bank chief denies to de-peg from U.S. dollar
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) will not de-peg the UAE dirham from the U.S.
dollar, UAE Central Bank chief said Monday.
Fatah, Hamas argue over holding new reconciliation meeting
Palestinian Islamic Hamas movement and its bitter rival Fatah party still argue
over holding another round of dialogue to reach an inter-reconciliation deal and
end their split, a Hamas official said Monday.
Roundup: Israeli government, NGOs mull rehab efforts after
firestorm
by Dave Bender
Turkish construction firms eye World Cup projects in Russia,
Qatar
Turkish construction firms are looking to business opportunities in Russia and
Qatar, which are expected to build new stadiums and other infrastructure
projects as the host countries for the 2018 and 2022 soccer World Cups, local
media reported Monday.
Iran says talks with G5+1 not to include uranium enrichment: MP
The top Iranian lawmaker Alaeddin Boroujerdi said Monday that the multifaceted
talks between Iran and the world powers will not include Tehran's nuclear
program, the local satellite Press TV reported.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,365 points on
Monday, increasing by 5 points from Sunday's finish.
Iraqi Kurdish region to resume oil export
Iraq's Oil Minister Hussien al- Shahristani said Monday the semi-autonomous
Kurdish region in northern Iraq will resume crude oil exports early next year.
Iran urges for more transactions among developing Muslim nations
The economic and industrial transactions among eight developing countries (D-8),
with large Muslim populations, should be increased, a senior Iranian official
said Monday.
Jordan urges intensified efforts to resume direct Palestinian-
Israeli talks
Jordan's Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh on Monday called for intensified
international efforts to create the suitable environment for the resumption of
direct Palestinian-Israeli peace talks, the state-run Petra news agency
reported.
Egypt's stock exchange indices close slightly lower
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,737.72 points Monday, 0.37
percent lower from Sunday's close.
Iran warns IAEA over leaking confidential information: judiciary
chief
Iranian Judiciary Spokesman Gholam- Hosein Mohseni-Ejei said Monday that
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is not allowed to collect information
from Iran's nuclear facilities beyond its assigned tasks, the state IRIB TV
reported.
Turkish business union sends aid to Palestinians
The Union of Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey (TOBB) has sent five
truckloads of aid to the Palestinians in an effort to help students aged between
6 and 11, local media reported Monday.
Hamas court sentences four Gazans to death
A Hamas military court on Monday sentenced four Gaza residents to death, three
of them were convicted of killing a mosque Imam and one was convicted of
collaborating with Israel.
EU offers PNA 27.5 million USD for salaries, pension
The European Union announced on Monday that it offered a contribution of 20.7
million euros (about 27.5 U. S. dollars) to the Palestinian National Authority
(PNA) for paying salaries and pensions.
1st LD: GCC leaders meet in 31st summit for economy, regional
issues
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) started their 31st
summit here Monday to discuss economy and regional hot-spot issues.
News Analysis: Little expected to change as Israel recover from
historic fire
by Adam Gonn
2nd LD: GCC leaders meet in 31st summit for economy, regional
issues
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) started their 31st
summit here late Monday afternoon to discuss economy and regional hot-spot
issues.
Iran calls for constructive approach in Geneva talks
Iran's Foreign Ministry Spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast called on world major
powers for the new constructive approach towards Tehran in ongoing Geneva talks,
the local satellite Press TV reported on Monday.
Moscow supports fair, satisfactory south Sudan referendum: Envoy
Russian Special Envoy to Sudan Mikhail Margelov on Monday reiterated Moscow's
support to the south Sudan referendum on a fair and transparent manner with
accepted results.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,045.98 points on
Monday, up 3.15 points from Sunday's close. The turnover was 1.2 billion shekels
( about 328 million U.S. dollars).
Turkey wants to mend fences with Israel: gov't spokesman
Turkey said Monday it wants to normalize relations with Israel after its
assistance in Israel's fight against fire brought an opportunity for the two
countries to improve their strained ties.
Abbas says dissolution of PNA not an option
Visiting Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Monday that the Palestinians
did not consider dissolving the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) an option
as no demands for such an act had been voiced.
Roundup: UAE market rebounds after national holidays
On the first trading day after UAE National Holidays, markets in Dubai and Abu
Dhabi gained slightly.
Urgent: GCC leaders meet in 31st summit for economy, regional
issues
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) here on Monday started
their 31st summit to discuss economy and regional hot-spot issues.
GCC secretary general hailed GCC achievement since 1981
Abdulrahman Al-Attiyah, general secretary of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC),
hailed Monday the achievement of the GCC since its establishment here in 1981,
Kuwait's news agency KUNA reported.
Argentina officially recognizes state of Palestine on 1967
borders
The Palestinian foreign ministry announced on Monday that Argentina has
recognized the establishment of a future Palestinian state on the territories
occupied by Israel in 1967.
Kuwait emir urges Iran to resort to talks on isles dispute with
UAE
Kuwaiti Emir Sheikh Sabah Al- Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah on Monday urged Iran to
resort either to talks or to the International Court of Justice to solve its
dispute with the UAE over the isle issue, UAE official WAM news agency reported.
Urgent: Egypt's ruling party wins 424 seats in parliamentary
election
Egypt's ruling National Democratic Party won 424 of 508 seats contested in the
People's Assembly elections, the High Elections Commission announced on Monday.
Roundup: GCC leaders discuss regional security, development at
31st summit
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) started their 31st
summit here late Monday afternoon to discuss economy and regional hot-spot
issues.
EU grants Syria 200 million U.S. dollars loan
The European Investment Bank (EIB) and the Syrian government singed here on
Monday an agreement to finance development projects in Syria with 200 million
U.S. dollars, the Syrian official SANA news agency reported.
1st LD: Egypt's ruling party wins 424 seats in parliamentary
election
Egypt's ruling National Democratic Party (NDP) won a landslide victory in the
parliamentary elections, according to the final results announced by the High
Elections Commission on Monday.
Roundup: Israeli political firestorm erupts as real fires ebb
by Gur Salomon
Lebanese president urges domestic unity in face of looming strife
Lebanese President Michel Suleiman on Monday called for national unity to push
away the threat of sectarian strife hanging over the country as a result of an
impending indictment into the assassination of Lebanese former Prime Minister
Rafik Hariri.
Israeli teenager admits causing Carmel fire
An Israeli teenager on Monday admitted throwing a piece of burning charcoal into
the woods, causing the massive fire that ravaged northern Israel in the past
three days, local daily Ha'aretz reported.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 6
Egypt's ruling National Democratic Party (NDP) won a landslide victory in the
parliamentary elections, according to the final results announced by the High
Elections Commission on Monday.
Wellington quake could kill 1,500: report
Emergency medical supplies in Wellington could run out within a day of an
earthquake of equivalent devastation to that of New Zealand South Island city of
Christchurch, a study reveals.
New Zealander killed in Afghanistan
A soldier serving with the British forces but reported to be a New Zealander has
been shot dead in Afghanistan.
Dollar at upper 82 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 82 yen level early Tuesday in Tokyo.
Australia's coal mines turn into dams in flooded Queensland
Heavy rainfalls have turned open- cut coal mines into dams in central Queensland
of Australia, with production delays expected to cost billions, said Queensland
Resources Council on Tuesday.
Japan's foreign reserves fall to 1.101 trillion U.S. dollars in
November
Japan's official reserve assets fell in November to 1.101 trillion U.S. dollars,
down 17.09 billion U.S. dollars from a month earlier, the Ministry of Finance
(MOF) said in a report on Tuesday.
Three leftist rebels killed in southern Philippines
Three alleged leftist rebels were killed in an encounter with government troops
in southern Philippines early on Tuesday, the military said.
Moderate quake hits off Indonesia's Central Java
A moderate earthquake measuring 5.4 on the Richter scale hit off Indonesia's
Central Java province on early Tuesday at 01:53 a.m. local time (1853 GMT on
Monday), the Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency said.
U.S., South Korean military heads to meet in Seoul
The top U.S. military officer is due in Seoul for  consultations with his South
Korean counterpart over the recent artillery bombardment on a South Korean
island by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), the Joint Chiefs of
Staff (JCS) said Tuesday.
One killed, 5 injured in taxi-train collision in Philippines
One died while five others were injured after the taxi they were riding was hit
by a passenger train in the Philippine capital Manila, Philippine Star reported
Tuesday.
Japanese space probe set to orbit Venus on maiden voyage
Japan's Akatsuki spacecraft on Tuesday morning fired its primary maneuvering
engine for about 12 minutes to slow the probe enough for it to enter Venusian
gravity and begin its orbit of the planet, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency
(JAXA) officials said.
Dollar at lower 82 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 82 yen level Tuesday morning in Tokyo.
Australia leaves interest rate at 4.75 percent
The Reserve Bank of Australia, the central bank, left the official cash rate
unchanged at 4.75 percent, following its monthly board meeting on Tuesday.
Indian stocks open flat
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,982.90 points Tuesday, 1.59 points
higher from previous close of 19,981.31 on investors' wariness.
Australians more interested in science than sport: poll
A poll on Tuesday found Australians are more interested in science than sports.
131 Cambodians killed in road accidents in November
A total of 131 people were killed in road accidents in Cambodia in November, 19
percent increase from a year ago of 110 people, according to the report released
by the Ministry of Interior on Tuesday.
Toyota Prius remains top-selling car in Japan, imported vehicle
sales rise
Toyota Motor Corp.'s hybrid gas- electric powered car continued its run for the
18th straight month as the top-selling car in Japan in November, the Japan
Automobile Dealers Association and the Japan Mini Vehicles Association, said in
a report on Monday.
Pakistani govt restrained from change in blasphemy law
A court in Pakistan on Monday restrained the government from amending the
blasphemy law, which carries the death penalty for insulting Islam or its
Prophet.
Feature: Climate change disastrous to Malaysia's highland
by Jia Ning Tan
Two schools destroyed by militants in NW Pakistan
Militants have razed two schools into rubbles in Bajaur Agency in the troubled
northwest Pakistani tribal areas, local media reported on Monday.
Australia to give consular help to WikiLeaks founder if arrested
abroad: Attorney General
Australia's Attorney-General Robert McClelland on Monday said the country will
give consular help to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange if he is arrested abroad.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 6
The public support rate for Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan's Cabinet declined
to 25 percent, marking its lowest level since June when it was inaugurated, a
latest poll conducted by the Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper revealed on Monday.
Japanese former lawmaker to serve 17 months in jail for bribery,
other crimes
Former House of Representatives lawmaker Muneo Suzuki arrived at the Tokyo High
Public Prosecutors Office to be processed for imprisonment for bribery and
falsification of political funds reports on Monday.
Indian police on alert on 18th anniversary of Babri mosque
demolition
Security were tightened in different parts of the country on Monday on the 18th
anniversary of the demolition of the Babri mosque in Ayodhya of the northern
Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Fiji's High Court allows former PM to travel to Australia
Fiji's High Court on Monday allowed former prime minister and Fiji Labour Party
leader Mahendra Chaudhry to travel abroad for medical treatment.
Nikkei closes 0.11 pct lower
Tokyo stocks closed slightly lower Monday with the key Nikkei index down 0.11
percent.
Richard Rhys Jones named new head of NZ Defense Force
Major General Richard Rhys Jones has been named the new head of New Zealand's
Defense Force (NZDF).
Singapore consortium produces bacteria-free plastic "skins"
A Singapore consortium led by Institute of Materials Research and Engineering
(IMRE) is mimicking nature to produce a new chemical-free, anti-bacteria plastic
"skins," local media reported on Monday.
"Environment and Development in South Asia" conference opens in
Nepal
More than 150 economists from different nations have gathered in Nepali capital
Kathmandu on Monday to mark their presence in the discussion titled "
Environment and Development in South Asia" organized by the South Asian Network
for Development and Environmental Economics (SANDEE).
Fiji condemns U.S. denial of visa to chief justice
Suva, Dec. 6 (Xinhua) -- The Fiji government on Monday strongly denounced the
United States for denying the visa to the island nation's Chief Justice Anthony
Gates, who will represent Fiji at the 9th session of the Assembly of State
Parties to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Roundup: Investors remain hooked up in Philippine equities, send
share prices up
Investors remained hooked up in the Philippine equities, sending share prices
rallying by another 1.11 percent Monday.
Urgent: 5.7-mgnitude earthquake jolts northeastern Japan
A moderate earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.7 hit northeastern Japan
on Monday, said the Japan Meteorological Agency.
Pakistani minister appears in court over Hajj corruption charges
Pakistan's Religious Affairs Minister appeared in the Supreme Court to respond
to corruption charges in acquiring residences for pilgrims, court officials said
on Monday.
1st LD Writethru: Magnitude-5.7 earthquake jolts northeastern
Japan
A moderate earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.7 hit northeastern Japan
Monday, said the Japan Meteorological Agency.
Police shoot dead 2 suspected insurgents in S. Afghanistan
Police in Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan shot dead two
suspected insurgents on Monday, provincial police chief Khan Mohammad Mujahid
said.
News Analysis: S. Korean opposition says ready to fight against
trade deal with U.S.
By Kim Junghyun
Fears on rise among S. Korea's Yeonpyeong residents
Fears are running high again among residents of Yeonpyeong Island as the South
Korean military launched live-fire drills in the waters off all three coasts of
the Korean Peninsula, according to local media on Monday.
Vietnam exports 6.3 mln tons of rice in first eleven months
Vietnam shipped overseas 6.3 million tons of rice in the first eleven months of
this year, up 12 percent year-on-year, according to Vietnam's Ministry of
Agriculture and Rural Development on Monday.
Vietnam international agriculture fair 2010 opens
The 2010 Vietnam International Agriculture Fair opened in Vietnam's southern Can
Tho city on Monday, Vietnam News Agency reported.
S. Korean defense chief vows to exercise self-defense right if
attacked by DPRK
South Korea's new defense minister said Monday the military will exercise the
right of self-defense if the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)
launches an attack again, Yonhap news agency reported.
India, France sign agreement to build 2 nuclear power plants
India and France Monday inked a civil nuclear pact which will pave the way for
construction of French nuke reactors in this country, besides four agreements
for deeper bilateral cooperation in the atomic energy sector.
Rare albino kookaburras discovered in Australia
Australia's wildlife carers said on Monday they have uncovered a never-before-
seen pair of blue- winged albino kookaburras, believed to have been swept from
their nests in a wild storm.
Urgent: Several injured as blast hits gov't office in Pakistani
tribal area
Several people were injured Monday as an explosion went off in a political
administration office in Mohmand tribal agency in northwest Pakistan, local
sources said.
Roundup: S. Korean shares end down on institutional selling
Seoul shares closed down Monday as institutions and foreigners sold off shares,
local analysts said.
1st LD: 30 injured as blast hits govt office in Pakistan tribal
area
Some 30 people were injured Monday after a bomb went off near a government
office in northwestern Pakistan, witnesses said.
Singapore shares end 0.28 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 8.97 points, or 0.28 percent on Monday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,181.41 points.
Malaysia tin market closes higher
The local tin market closed higher here on Monday, and the trading volume rose
compared with last Friday.
2nd LD: 8 killed, 40 injured in blast in Pakistani tribal area
At least eight people were killed and 40 others injured Monday as a bomb went
off near a government office in northwestern Pakistan, witnesses said.
Dollar trades in upper 82 yen range in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 82 yen zone Monday in Tokyo.
Roundup: Nikkei falls 0.11 pct on weak U.S. jobs data, strong yen
Tokyo stocks closed mixed Monday, with the key Nikkei stock index edging down
0.11 percent following weak U.S. jobs data spurring speculation about further
quantitative easing and sending the yen higher against the dollar.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 6
Former House of Representatives lawmaker Muneo Suzuki arrived at the Tokyo High
Public Prosecutors Office to be processed for imprisonment for bribery and
falsification of political funds reports on Monday.
More regional cooperation vital to combat climate change: ADB
expert
Regional bodies in Asia and the Pacific should get dynamic to combat from the
front the impacts of climate change, an Asian Development Bank (ADB) expert said
from Mexico's Cancun through a teleconference in Dhaka on Monday.
Former Malaysian state chief executive charged at court
A former chief executive of Malaysia's state of Selangor was charged on Monday
with alleged land fraud in connection with the purchase of real estate property.
Thai ex-PM Thaksin invited to brief U.S. human right commission
Ousted Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra is prepared to travel to the U.S.
to testify on human rights and political situation in Thailand, a close aide
said on Monday.
7 Taliban militants give up resistance in N. Afghanistan
Seven armed Taliban insurgents including their commander laid down arms and
resumed normal life in Imam Sahib district of Afghanistan's northern Kunduz
province on Monday, district governor Mohammad Ayub Haqyar said.
4th LD Writethru: Twin suicide blasts kill 30 in Pakistani tribal
area
At least 30 people were killed and over 50 were injured Monday as two suicide
bombers targeted a government office in Mohmand tribal agency in northwest
Pakistan, witnesses said.
Moderate earthquake hits western Indonesia
A moderate earthquake measuring 5.3 on the Richter scale rocked off western
Indonesia of West Sumatra province on Monday, the Meteorology, Climatology and
Geophysics Agency said in a statement.
5th LD Writethru: Twin suicide blasts kill 40 in Pakistani tribal
area
At least 40 people were killed and over 50 others  injured Monday as two suicide
bombers targeted a government office in Mohmand tribal region in northwestern
Pakistan, officials and witnesses said.
Indian stocks close 0.07 pct higher
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 14.38 points or 0.07 percent Monday on
profit taking.
Afghan forces kill 5 Taliban militants
Afghan forces backed up by NATO-led troops eliminated five Taliban militants and
injured four others in separate operations in eastern Ghazni province and
neighboring Wardak province Sunday night, officials said Monday.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 6
The Philippine market finished Monday's session in the positive. The bellwether
Philippine Stock Exchange index was up by 1.11 percent or 46.64 points to
4,223.12, while the broader all-share index was up by 1 percent or 28.92 points
to 2,893.68.
Malaysia to issue long-term travel pass to woo foreign talents
The Malaysian government has approved a policy to introduce the "resident pass"
that accords the holder a long-term right to work and reside in Malaysia.
Roundup: Japanese PM not to reshuffle cabinet to ease legislative
gridlock
Japan's Prime Minister and leader of the Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) Naoto
Kan said on Monday that he plans to strengthen ties with other political parties
in a bid to smoothly pass bills through parliament and stated he has no
intention of reshuffling his administration to pursue the DPJ's legislative
agenda.
Petronas, BASF to consider joint venture worth 1.29 bln U.S.
dollars
Malaysia's state-owned oil and gas giant Petronas and the largest Germany-based
chemical company in the world BASF are considering a potential joint venture
worth about four billion ringgit (1.29 billion U.S. dollars).
Pakistan PM leaves for 3-day visit to Turkey
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani embarked on a three-day
official visit to Turkey on Monday for talks on regional and bilateral issues,
state TV and officials said.
Philippine government, MILF to hold exploratory talks in Kuala
Lumpur
The Philippine government and Muslim rebel negotiators are expected to meet
anytime in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, for exploratory talks aimed to resolve
problems besetting the talk's formal resumption, an official said on Monday.
Taliban attacks kill 2 NATO soldiers in Afghanistan
Two soldiers with the NATO-led force were killed in  restive southern
Afghanistan on Monday, the military alliance said in a press release.
6th LD Writethru: 50 die in twin Taliban suicide attacks in
Pakistan: official
Two suicide bombers Monday targeted a meeting of pro-government tribal elders in
a Pakistani tribal region and killed at least 50 people, officials said.
Roundup: Pakistan KSE remains bullish despite profit selling
After achieving the psychological 11,400-mark on Friday, equities at Pakistan's
Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) started the fresh week on a bullish note Monday
with its main index further surging up despite late profit booking.
ASX-SGX merge to benefit Australian economy: Access Economics
Access Economics on Monday said the Singapore Stock Exchange's (SGX's) takeover
of the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) would benefit the Australian
economy.
Cambodia's first merger of mobile operators announced
Cambodia's two mobile phone operators will merge their operations from March
next year, according to a joint statement Monday.
40,000th Bhutanese refugee to leave Nepal for resettlement
The 40,000th Bhutanese refugee will leave Nepal on Dec.13 for a third country
resettlement, according to the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (
UNHCR) on Monday.
FLASH: 3 KILLED IN U.S.DRONE STRIKE IN NW PAKISTAN--LOCAL MEDIA
FLASH: 3 KILLED IN U.S.DRONE STRIKE IN NW PAKISTAN--LOCAL MEDIA
Urgent: 3 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
At least 3 people were killed and two others injured in a U.S. drone strike
launched Monday night in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan,
reported local Urdu TV channel DAWN.
1st LD Writethru: 3 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
At least three people were killed and two others injured in a U.S. drone strike
launched Monday night in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan,
reported local Urdu TV channel DAWN.
Bangladesh seeks international help for rescuing hijacked ship
The Bangladeshi government on Monday sought international help for rescuing the
Bangladeshi-flagged ship MV Jahan Moni hijacked by pirates on Sunday in the
Arabian Sea and safe release of the sailors and other staff onboard.
2nd LD Writethru: 5 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
At least five people were killed and two others injured in two U.S. drone
strikes launched Monday night in Pakistan's northwest tribal area along the
Afghan border, reported local TV channel Express.
Vietnam, Ukraine vow to boost cooperation in economy, education
Vietnamese National Assembly Chairman Nguyen Phu Trong and the Chairman of the
Ukrainian parliament Volodymyr Lytvyn pledged here Monday to boost cooperation
in economy and education between the two countries.
Roundup: Taliban suicide bombers target gov't office, killing 50
in Pakistan
By Jamil Bhatti
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 6
The Philippine government and Muslim rebel negotiators are expected to meet
anytime in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, for exploratory talks aimed to resolve
problems besetting the talk's formal resumption, an official said on Monday.
Sri Lankan government attacks opposition for 'anti-national'
stance
Sri Lanka's government targets opposition for making alleged anti-national
statements with regards to a possible war crimes investigation, a minister said
Monday.
Cote d'Ivoire reopens borders after election curfew
Cote d'Ivoire's land, sea and air borders are reopened for free movement of
people and goods on Monday four days after closed amid tensions over the Nov. 28
presidential run-off.
Mali's health minister resigns over corruption allegations
Mali's Health Minister Oumar Ibrahim Toure on Sunday resigned from his position
"to facilitate investigations into the alleged embezzlement of money from the
Global Fund for AIDS and malaria," sources close to the ministry said.
Mauritania projects 2011 state budget at 1.8 bln USD
The Mauritanian government has drafted a budget of 500 billion ouguiyas (1.8
billion dollars) for the year 2011, according to a cabinet communique.
UN team to inspect arms shipment in Nigeria
The UN is sending a six-man team to Nigeria to inspect the arms shipped from
Iran and intercepted last month in Lagos, the country's commercial hub.
Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo names N'gbo PM in showdown with West-
backed Ouattara
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo, who was sworn in after the Constitutional
Council declared him winner of the Nov. 28 presidential run-off, named Ake
Gilbert Marie N'gbo as the new prime minister on Sunday.
Ouattara unveils lineup of Cote d'Ivoire's new gov't
Cote d'Ivoire's Alassane Ouattara, who took the oath of office after the
electoral commission declared him winner of the Nov. 28 presidential run-off, on
Sunday announced the formation of his government headed by Guillaume Soro.
Rwandan president heads large delegation to Belgium on state
visit
Rwandan President Paul Kagame arrived in Brussels over the weekend at the head
of a large delegation for a four-day state visit to Belgium, the government said
on Monday.
Zambian security wings bust scam to swindle government
Security wings in Zambia have unearthed a scam in which the government would
have lost 3.3 billion Zambian Kwacha (about 650,000 U. S.dollars) in fake claims
of supplying goods and services, the Zambia Daily Mail reported on Monday.
Guinea's new president to prioritize good governance
Guinean president-elect Alpha Conde has said that one of his top priorities will
be good political and economic governance.
South African  court delays revelations of UK tourist's murder
South Africans expecting dramatic courtroom revelations about the high-profile
murder of a UK tourist were on Monday told they will have to wait another day.
UNHCR calls for increased aid for Somalis
The UN refugee agency has appealed to the international community to come to the
aid of the long- suffering Somali people.
UK-based organization embarks eye operation in Gambia
A UK-based charitable organization said Monday that it has embarked on a massive
eye operation exercise in Gambia.
Ugandan gov't hails Xinhua Gallery launch, calls for close
cooperation
Ugandan Minister of Information and National Guidance Kabakumba Matsiko on
Monday hailed China's state- owned Xinhua News Agency for staging a photo
exhibition highlighting Africa's presence at the recently concluded Shanghai
Expo 2010.
DR Congo to reduce diplomats due to debt burden
Foreign Minister of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo) Alexis Thambwe
Mwamba says the Central African country will begin reducing the number of
diplomats in January 2011, due to debt burden.
Cote d'Ivoire's gov' t extends curfew for another week
The government of Laurent Gbagbo has extended the curfew in Cote d'Ivoire to one
more week but with some changes on the time, according to the national
television.
Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo appoints university don as gov't head
Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo, engaged in a dispute over
the position of the president of the republic with his rival in the presidential
run- off Alassane Ouattara, has named a university don Ake Gilbert Marie N'gobo
as the prime minister and head of government that is yet to be formed.
Interview: South Africa to kick off genetic research with
financial boost
by Melody Brandon
Writethru: Cote d'Ivoire's gov' t extends curfew for another week
The government of Laurent Gbagbo has extended the curfew in Cote d'Ivoire to one
more week to December 13 but with some changes on the time, according to the
national television.
Cote d'Ivoire's political crisis deepens
Cote d'Ivoire's political crisis deepens with the appointment of two prime
ministers by the two presidential candidates declared the winner of the Nov. 28
run- off respectively by the electoral commission and the Constitutional
Council.
Zimbabwe applauds Xinhua role in promoting media cooperation
Zimbabwe's Media, Information and Publicity Minister Webster Shamu on Monday
applauded Xinhua News Agency for providing Zimbabweans with an opportunity to
share the achievements of the recent Shanghai World Expo.
Minor violent incidents break out during student rally in Athens
Minor violent incidents broke out in the center of Athens on Monday noon during
the first student rally organized to honor the memory of the fatal police
shooting of a teenager two years ago which sparked the worst riots in Greece for
decades.
Russian stocks close up
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Monday with both key indexes higher for
a fifth consecutive trading day.
Natural gas supplies to Armenia fully normalized
Natural gas supplies to Armenia through the pipeline on Monday fully normalized
by mid-day, according to the press service of the ArmRusGazprom CJSC.
Downgrade by Moody's was "no surprise", says Hungarian economy
minister
Hungary's National Economy Minister Gyorgy Matolcsy said on Monday that Moody's
downgrade of the country's bond ratings was "no surprise" for the government,
but it did "accept it with regret."
Belarus ready to be U.S. partner: president
The Republic of Belarus wants to see the United States of America as a partner
of Belarus, Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said on Monday speaking at
The Fourth All-Belarus People's Congress.
EU shows confidence in achieving MDGs
The United Nations (UN) Millennium Development Goals can be achieved by 2015,
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said here Monday.
EU vows to tackle worrying high bee mortality
In order to have a better understanding of the reasons behind the increase of
bee mortality reported in several countries around the world, the European
Commission adopted Monday a communication aiming at enhancing the protection of
honeybee health.
Wall Street lower on economic unease
U.S. stocks moved lower in early trading on Monday as investors felt less
optimistic about the economic outlook after Federal Reserve Chairman Ben
Bernanke said the economy was still struggling for self-sustained recovery.
News Analysis: Oil expected to hit 100 dollars a barrel in 2011
by Xinhua writer Qiao Jihong
Eurogroup finance ministers meet to finalize aid package to
Ireland
Eurogroup finance ministers Monday gathered for their regular monthly meeting to
finalize the aid package to Ireland and discuss ways to curb the debt crisis.
EU consider sanctions against Cote dIvoire
The European Union (EU) could consider sanctions against Cote d'Ivoire if the
crisis is not solved rapidly, the European Commission said here on Monday.
Anti-Dumping investigations see 29 percent decrease in 2010: WTO
The World Trade Organization (WTO) issued a report on Monday, saying that the
Anti-Dumping (AD) investigations worldwide decreased by 29 percent in the first
half of 2010, compared with the corresponding period of 2009.
UN Rwanda war crimes tribunal still faces staffing shortages
The president of the UN International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR), Judge
Dennis Byron, said here Monday that the Tribunal continues to face a " very
difficult staffing situation" that may delay pending trials.
Iran hopes for positive outcome of nuclear talks in Geneva: FM
Visiting Iranian foreign minister expressed hope on Monday for positive outcome
of ongoing talks between Tehran and western powers in Geneva over Iran's nuclear
program.
International community can help bring justice to former
Yugoslavia: Tribunal officials
The prosecutor and president of the International Criminal Tribunal for the
former Yugoslavia ( ICTY) told the UN Security Council here Monday that the
solidarity of the Balkan countries as well as the international community is
integral to providing justice in the region following years of conflict in the
1990s.
Russia-EU summit to discuss visa, WTO bid, energy security
The upcoming Tuesday summit between Russia and the European Union (EU) will
focus on visa-free regime, Russia's accession to the World Trade Organization
(WTO) and energy security, said a Kremlin aide Monday.
Egypt calls for tangible measures to revitalize UN General
Assembly
To rejuvenate the UN General Assembly, the focus should be on substantive
measures, rather than procedures, Maged Abdelaziz, the permanent representative
of Egypt to the United Nations, said here Monday.
Top U.S. military officer Mullen to visit South Korea
U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mike Mullen is to visit South Korea
for high-level consultations with defense officials there, the chairman's
spokesman John Kirby, said Monday.
Denmark, Norway to host 2010 women's European handball
championship
From Dec. 7 to Dec. 19, the 2010 Women's EHF European Handball Championship will
be held in Denmark and Norway in several cities including Aalborg, Aarhus,
Larvik, Lillehammer and Herning.
UN chief "deeply concerned" about political conflict in Cote
d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon "remains deeply concerned" about the post-
election situation in Cote d'Ivoire, and has been discussing this situation with
many key African political leaders, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky said here
Monday.
UN Rwanda war crimes tribunal could see end of trials by end of
2011: chief prosecutor
The chief prosecutor of the UN International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
(ICTR), Justice Hassan B. Jallow, on Monday said the Tribunal could possibly see
the end of trials by the end of 2011 due to the referral of cases to national
jurisdictions.
Google unveils new smart phone, mobile operating system
Google on Monday unveiled an updated version of the Android mobile operating
system along with a new smart phone running it.
World Bank, IMF launch quarterly online public sector debt
database
The World Bank announced on Monday that it had launched an online quarterly
public sector debt database together with the International Monetary Fund (IMF),
offering access to public sector debt statistics for 30 developing countries
including China, Pakistan, Turkey and among others.
Arsenal defender Vermaelen out until new year
Arsenal center back Thomas Vermaelen will not be back until the new year due to
an Achilles problem, announced the Premier League club on Monday.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Monday with the leading FTSE 100 index
up by 24.96 points, or 0.43 percent, at 5,770.28 points.
UN chief to attend Cancun conference on climate change
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon will leave for Cancun, Mexico, on Tuesday to
attend the UN climate change conference, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky said here
Monday.
Kenyan striker signs for Vietnamese club
Harambee Stars striker Allan Wanga has finally signed a two year contract with
Vietnamese club Hoang Anh Gia Lai FC (HAGL).
College enrollment increases nearly 6 percent in Canada's most
populous province
Enrollment at colleges in Ontario, Canada's populous province, continued its
strong upward trend this year with a 5.9 percent increase over last year,
according to figures released Monday by Colleges Ontario.
Kenyan soccer coach resigns amid confusion
He is the most successful Kenyan coach, but after just three months in charge,
Harambee Stars head coach Jacob Mulee threw in the towel after elimination from
the regional Senior Challenge Cup in Dar es Salaam.
Boeing 777 jetliner makes emergency landing in Los Angeles
A technical problem prompted a Virgin Australia Boeing 777 jetliner to make an
emergency landing at the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) on Monday, the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reported.
Google opens eBookstore to expand revenue sources
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 6 (Xinhua)  Google opens a "eBookstore" service on Monday in
the United States with almost 4,000 publishers, gearing up to expand its revenue
sources beyond traditional online advertising.
Bolivia condemns U.S. using "blackmail" practice at climate
negotiations
Bolivia on Monday condemned U.S. using "blackmail" practice at climate change
negotiations to force other countries to accept its positions, saying Bolivia
will not be "sold."
UN chief calls for global efforts to achieve biological
disarmament
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Monday stressed the need for structured and
regular means of monitoring developments in science and technology to reduce
risks to international security and achieving global biological disarmament.
U.S, S. Korea, Japan start talks on Korean peninsula
Chief diplomats from the United States, South Korea and Japan on Monday started
their trilateral talks on the situation of Korean peninsula.
California Republicans divided over crackdown on illegal
immigrants
A nascent California ballot measure that seeks to replicate Arizona's
controversial crackdown on illegal immigrants is dividing the state's
Republicans, a newspaper report said on Monday.
Three injured, 40 detained as clashes between Greek youth and
police
Three civilians have been slightly injured so far and 40 youngsters have been
detained in Athens on Monday afternoon during clashes between protesters and
police which gradually spread across the city center, according to the latest
reports by Greek media.
EU envisages launching single phone number for EU businesses
The European Union (EU) envisages launching a single Europe-wide phone number
for EU businesses, the European Commission said on Monday.
U.S. medical group releases new guidelines on food allergies
The U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) released
new guidelines on Monday with the aim of aiding doctors in diagnosis and
treatment of food allergies.
Russia-China Friendship Association selects new leaders
The Russia-China Friendship Association (RCFA) has selected new leaders here
Monday at the eighth council meeting.
Interview: ICAO leader stresses safety, security, environment to
mark aviation day
Interview: ICAO leader stresses safety, security, environment to mark aviation
day
Urgent: Oil slightly up close to 90 dollars a barrel
Crude prices jumped slightly on Monday. Light, sweet crude for January delivery
rose 19 cents to 89.38 U.S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile.
EU calls on parties to commit new period of Kyoto Protocol
The European Union on Monday called on parties to commit to new period of the
Kyoto Protocol, the only binding international treaty that commits most of the
world's developed countries to making emission cuts.
Gold settles at record high amid concerns over U.S. economy, EU
debt
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange settled
at a record closing price of ,1416.1 U.S. dollars per ounce on Monday,
underpinned by overwhelming concerns over U.S. economic recovery and sovereign
debt crisis in the Europe.
Obama presses both parties to find consensus on tax cuts
The U.S. President Barack Obama pressed on Monday that Democrats and Republicans
should collaborate on the discussion of the soon-to-expire Bush-era tax cuts to
reach a bipartisan compromise in the near term.
Chinese printmaking exhibition opens in Bulgaria
An exhibition of Chinese printmaking works opened in Bulgarian capital Sofia
Monday.
17 killed in Colombian landslide
The Colombian authorities found on Monday four more bodies that were killed by a
landslide in Antioquia department, in the northwest of Colombia, bringing the
total deaths to 17, local authorities said.
EU says will not unilaterally commit to 30 percent emission
reduction
The European Union said Monday that it would not unilaterally commit to a 30
percent reduction in its greenhouse emissions by 2020 compared with 1990, an
idea it had floated as a possibility if other nations commit to deep cuts.
Oil up close to 90 dollars a barrel
Crude prices rose slightly Monday as U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke
suggested more stimulus measures.
UN chief praises elections in Burundi but warns against human
rights violations, violence
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Monday said that he is pleased with the
recent elections in Burundi, but remains concerned about continued human rights
violations and security problems in the country, according to his new report on
the UN Integrated Office in Burundi (BINUB).
Gold settles at record high amid concerns over U.S. economy, EU
debt
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange settled
at a record closing price of 1,416.1 U.S. dollars per ounce on Monday,
underpinned by overwhelming concerns over U.S. economic recovery and sovereign
debt crisis in the Europe.
Moldovan PM calls for reconstruction of present ruling alliance
Moldova's Prime Minister Vlad Filat on Monday called for the reconstruction of
the ruling Alliance for European Integration, saying it is the only solution to
lead the country ahead.
Moldovan PM calls for reconstruction of present ruling alliance
Moldova's Prime Minister Vlad Filat on Monday called for reconstruction of the
present ruling Alliance for European Integration, stressing it as the only
solution to lead the country ahead.
Brescia fire coach Iachini
Brescia fired coach Giuseppe Iachini on Monday after a run of 11 league games
without a win and hired Mario Beretta to take the position until the end of the
season.
New York declares "Code Blue" for the homeless as temperature
drops
New York City's Department of Homeless Services (DHS) declared its Cold Weather
Emergency Procedure "Code Blue" for the city's homeless, the New York Daily News
reported on Monday.
British gov't announces plan to provide "superfast" broadband
internet
The British government unveiled plans on Monday to provide "superfast broadband"
to 90 percent of the population by 2015, in a bid to keep up with other
countries and to bolster the economy.
Urgent: U.S. stocks close mixed as Fed's stimulus suggestion
offset debt concerns
U.S. stocks ended mixed Monday as Ben Bernanke's suggestion of more bonds
purchase offset the European debt concerns. Dow and S&amp;P dropped, while
Nasdaq rose.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as euro loses ground again
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Monday as the euro fell again on concern over euro zone member might need
larger rescue fund.
1st LD-Writethru: U.S. stocks close mixed as Fed's stimulus
suggestion offsets debt concerns
U.S. stocks ended mixed Monday as Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke's
suggestion of more bonds purchase offset the European debt concerns.
Costa Rica closes embassy in Nicaragua
The Costa Rican government on Monday closed its embassy in Nicaragua, due to a
conflict over the border between the two countries, which is under review by the
International Court of Justice in the Hague, Netherlands.
NATO helps Albania combat floods
NATO has come to the rescue of Albania amid floods, the worst ever the small
western Balkan country has witnessed in decades, local media said on Monday.
1st LD-Writethru: Dollar mixed as euro loses ground again
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Monday as the euro fell again on concern over euro zone member might need
larger rescue fund.
U.S., Brazil agree on open skies
The United States and Brazil have agreed on an open skies aviation deal, the
U.S. State Department said on Monday.
Urgent: Trilateral meeting underscores U.S. deep relationship
with S. Korea, Japan: Clinton
U.S. State Secretary Hillary Clinton said on Monday that the trilateral meeting
on Korean peninsula underscored U.S. deep relationship with South Korea and
Japan.
Roundup: Countries call for efforts to revitalize UN General
Assembly
Representatives from UN member states on Monday took the floor at the General
Assembly to call for further strengthened efforts to revitalize the 192-member
body as the main UN organ in addressing issues of international peace and
security in accordance with the UN Charter.
New York's Times Square opens new museum
The newly renovated Times Square Visitors Center in New York opened on Monday a
new mini- museum featuring the history of Times Square.
Annual report says Bolzano best province for living in Italy,
Naples last
A report published Monday by an Italian daily said that the northern province
Bolzano enjoyed the best living quality among all the Italian provinces in 2010.
Italian Serie A leading scorers
Following are the leading scorers in Serie A after Monday's match:
Chicago wheat rallies to 4-week high, corn, soybean fall
Chicago Wheat futures on Monday rallied to 4-week high as large rainfalls in
Australia is expected to delay its wheat harvest and affect the quality.
Meanwhile, corn and soybeans fell from their 3-week highs.
1st LD: Trilateral meeting underscores U.S. deep relationship
with S. Korea, Japan: Clinton
U.S. State Secretary Hillary Clinton said on Monday that the trilateral meeting
on Korean peninsula underscored U.S. deep relationship with South Korea and
Japan.
Iran nuclear talks end first day in low profile
The Iranian nuclear talks at Geneva finished its first day session Monday
evening. Although no formal remarks were made, the fact that all the 7 parties
are ready to enter into the second day of talks is a positive sign, observers
said.
English Premier League leading scorers
Following are the leading Premier League scorers after Monday's match:
Roundup: U.S. stocks end mixed amid economic unease
U.S. stocks ended mixed on Monday, snapping a three-day winning streak, as
investors felt less optimistic about the economic outlook after Federal Reserve
Chairman Ben Bernanke said the economy was still struggling for a self-sustained
recovery.
IEA calls more efforts in Cancun for lower emission
The Paris-based International Energy Agency (IEA) called countries worldwide to
boost clean energy development under international cooperation in order to
achieve lower emission as pledged in the Copenhagen Accord, according to a news
release issued by the organization on Monday.
Roundup: Canadian stocks rise for a sixth day
Canadian stocks rose for a sixth day on Monday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index
closed up 97.06 points, or 0.74 percent, at 13,276.01.
1st LD Writethru: 20 killed in Colombian landslide
Colombian rescuers found on Monday another three more bodies that were killed by
a landslide Sunday in Antioquia department, in the northwest of Colombia,
bringing the total deaths to 20, local authorities said.
Martin Jol resigns as Ajax coach
Ajax accepted the resignation of Martin Jol on Monday. The 54-year-old coach did
not see enough possibilities any more to lead his team to success.
Deportivo beat Hercules 1-0 in dull encounter
Deportivo la Coruna beat Hercules 1- 0 in a dull game to end matchday 14 in the
Spanish La Liga on Monday.
Urgent: Obama says two parties achieve compromise on tax deal
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Monday evening that Democrats and
Republicans had reached a compromise that will extend the soon-to-expire Bush-
era tax cuts at all income levels for another two years.
1st LD: Obama says two parties achieve compromise on tax deal
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Monday evening that Democrats and
Republicans had reached a compromise that will extend the soon-to-expire Bush-
era tax cuts at all income levels for another two years.
Xinhua world news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 6
Twin suicide bomb blasts killed at least 50 people and injured over 120 others
on Monday afternoon in Pakistan's northwestern Mohmand tribal agency, officials
and witnesses said.
Russian president kicks off two-day Polish trip
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev arrived here on Monday, becoming the first
Russian head of state to officially visit Poland in eight years.
Two injured in Greek police clash with protesters
Two persons were slightly injured on Monday afternoon in clashes in central
Athens between anti-riot police and Greek students, who rallied to commemorate a
tragedy involving police violence two years ago.
Moldova communists request vote recount
The Communist Party in Moldova on Monday submitted a request to the
Constitutional Court for a recount of the vote in the Nov. 28 snap elections.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's three major stock markets closed mixed on Monday.
Rains kill 197 in Colombia
The Colombian government said on Monday that 197 people have died in the country
due to heavy rains.
Cholera outbreak kills 2,071 people in Haiti
At least 2,071 people were killed in the nation's cholera epidemic which began
there at the end of October, Haiti's Health Ministry said in a report Monday.
2nd LD Writethru: U.S. touts ties with ROK, Japan at trilateral
meeting
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that the trilateral meeting
with the Republic of Korea (ROK) and Japan on Korean Peninsula issues
underscored "deep relationship" with the two allies.
Stocks higher in Mexico, lower in Brazil
Latin America's two major stock markets closed mixed on Monday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 7
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Monday evening that Democrats and
Republicans had reached a compromise that will extend the soon-to-expire Bush-
era tax cuts at all income levels for another two years.
Mexico, IEA call for private sector commitment to carbon
reduction
Mexican Energy Minister Georgina Kessel and head of the International Energy
Agency (IEA) Nobuo Tanaka urged the private sector to make a greater commitment
to carbon reduction  on Sunday.
2nd LD Writethru: Obama says compromise on Bush-tax deal achieved
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Monday evening that the White House and
Republicans had reached a compromise that would extend the soon-to-expire Bush-
era tax cuts at all income levels for another two years.
Roundup: Top U.S. senators hopeful for tax deal despite
difference
by Matthew Rusling
U.S. bets on technology to beat climate change
The United States is betting on that technological innovation will be able to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the nation's secretary of energy said here
Monday in a speech, where he did not specify targets for the nation.
Timor-Leste president meets with Fidel Castro
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro met here with visiting President of Timor-Leste
Jose Ramos-Horta before he concluded a three-day official visit to the island.
"How to Train Your Dragon" among top contenders for Annie Awards
DreamWorks Animation's blockbuster "How to Train Your Dragons" was nominated as
the top contender for the best animated feature honors at the 38th Annie Awards,
the animation industry's highest honor, the organizer said on Monday.
Feature: Christmas spirit alive in Vancouver streets
Christmas season officially hit Vancouver Sunday as a crowd of some 300,000
people lined in downtown streets to join the Santa Claus Parade.
U.S. Fort Hood shooting suspect to take mental exams
A military sanity board is expected to conduct mental exams this week on a
military psychiatrist accused in the deadly 2009 shooting at U.S. army post Fort
Hood, the suspect's attorney said Monday.
Backgrounder: World's major landslides or mudslides in 2010
At least two persons were killed, 7 people injured and 150 others were reported
missing on Sunday after a landslide buried about 50 houses in Bello of Antioquia
state, northwestern Colombia.
U.S. Treasury announces public offering of remaining Citigroup
common stock
The U.S. Department of the Treasury announced on Monday that it was commencing a
public offering of approximately 2.4 billion shares of Citigroup Inc. common
stock, a further exit step from the government financial bailout in the company.
Mexican NGO keen on creating environmental exchange program with
China
A local nongovernmental organization (NGO) said it is working with top Mexican
and Chinese academic institutions to create an exchange program in environmental
science.
Panama seizes more than 2 tons of cocaine
Panamanian authorities have seized 2.03 tons of cocaine in Chiriqui province, in
the west of the country, Panama's Drug Prosecutor Nathaniel Murgas said Monday.
News Analysis: Oil prices may move higher to reach 100 USD
earlier next year
by Xinhua Writer Li Mi
Cholera cases reach 20 in Dominican Republic
Four new cases of cholera have been confirmed in the Dominican Republic, raising
the total to 20 in the country, said Public Health Minister Bautista Rojas Gomez
on Monday.
Urgent: Chinese president calls for calm to avoid escalating
tension on Korean Peninsula
Chinese President Hu Jintao on Monday called for calm and rational response from
all sides to prevent the deterioration of the fragile security situation on the
Korean Peninsula.
Pilot error may cause Russian plane's emergency landing
The pilots who steered the Tu-154 that crash-landed at a Moscow airport on
Saturday may be responsible for the emergency landing, the Moscow Times reported
Monday.
Arianespace to launch Sicral 2 military telecommunications
satellite in 2013
European commercial satellite launching center Arianespace announced Monday that
it will launch Sicral 2, a  new-generation military telecommunications
satellite, in November 2013 for the Italian Defense Ministry and the French DGA
armament agency (DGA).
1st LD: Chinese president calls for calm to avoid escalating
tension on Korean Peninsula
Chinese President Hu Jintao on Monday called for calm and rational response from
all sides to prevent the deterioration of the fragile security situation on the
Korean Peninsula.
News Analysis: Oil may hit 100 USD a barrel in 2011
by Qiao Jihong
Mexican president calls for end to "false dichotomy" on climate
change
Mexican President Felipe Calderon said Sunday the climate change talks in Cancun
should bring an end to what he called a "false dichotomy," the perception that
the economy and climate change mitigation are in conflict.
Peru appoints new commanders of armed forces
The Peruvian government appointed on Monday the new president of Joint Commando
of the Armed Forces (CCFFAA), and general commanders of the Navy and the Army,
the official newspaper "El Peruano" reported.
German stocks open mixed
German stocks opened mixed Monday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Eurozone finance ministers regard rescue fund sufficient
Eurozone finance ministers Monday did not increase the 750-billion-euro (about 1
trillion U.S.dollars) rescue fund set up in May this year to bail out countries
that may fall prey to debt crisis like Greece.
London stock market rises in early trading
London stock market rose in opening on Monday, with the leading FTSE 100 index
up 12 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,757 in early trading.
Brazil, Uruguay presidents inaugurate Darcy Ribeiro memorial
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his Uruguayan counterpart Jose
Mujica on Monday opened the  Darcy Ribeiro Memorial at the University of
Brasilia (UnB).
Medvedev reiterates intention for 2012 presidential bid
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Monday that the 2012 presidential
elections aimed to ensure the continuity of current policy, and he does not
exclude the possibility to re-run for the top job.
Dengue outbreak looms over 24 Brazilian cities
Twenty four cities in Brazil are at risk of dengue outbreak with 154 others on
alert, the government said Monday.
2nd LD Writethru: Chinese president calls for calm to avoid
escalating tension on  Korean Peninsula
Chinese President Hu Jintao on Monday called for calm and rational response from
all sides to prevent the deterioration of the fragile security situation on the
Korean Peninsula.
Vehicle production in Brazil hits record high
Vehicle production in Brazil reached a record-high 3.35 million units in the
first 11 months of 2010, up 14.6 percent from the same period last year, the
National Automakers' Association (Anfavea) said Monday.
White House official underscores solidarity with S.Korea, Japan
A top adviser to U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday underscored U.S.
solidarity with South Korea and Japan as the three countries met here on the
situation on the Korean Peninsula.
Kim Jong Il inspects industrial establishments
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), has
recently inspected two industrial enterprises in the north of the country, the
official KCNA news agency reported on Monday.
Cuban FM stresses importance of ties with El Salvador
Visiting Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez Monday stressed the importance
of ties with El Salvador, and paid homage to the Salvadorians who were killed
during the military dictatorship.
U.S. city to be deprived of cityhood due to corruption scandal
Vernon, a small city near Los Angeles, will be deprived of cityhood due to a
corruption scandal involving city officials, according to reports here on
Sunday.
Yearender: What does midterm mean for Obama administration?
by Xinhua writer Du Jing
Ukraine marks Armed Forces Day
Ukraine's Armed Forces require new state policy of its restructuring according
to modern challenges and threats in the global security system, Ukrainian
President Viktor Yanukovych said on Monday.
Brazil to cut government's expenses in 2011: minister
Brazil's Finance Minister Guido Mantega said on Monday that the government will
reduce public expenses in 2011.
Nuclear talks resume despite Iran's hard stance
Talks on the Iranian nuclear issue resumed here Monday, as Iran declared itself
to be self- sufficient in nuclear fuel supply and voiced harsh criticism of
attempts to assassinate its nuclear scientists.
Mexican president meets Canada's Quebec leader on climate change,
bilateral ties
Mexican President Felipe Calderon met with Jean Charest, prime minister of the
Canadian province of Quebec, to discuss various issues, including efforts to
fight climate change, the  president's office said in a statement on Monday.
Far East high on Russia's policy agenda: Putin
The Far East region would always be one of policy priorities of the Russian
government, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Monday during a working tour of
Khabarovsk.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 7
Brazil's Finance Minister Guido Mantega said on Monday that the government will
reduce public expenses in 2011.
Interview: China hopeful of reaching substantial results at
Cancun conference
by Xinhua writers Liu Lili, Ren Haijun
3 southern Californians break Guinness world record for
continuous TV watching
Three southern California men have broken a Guinness world record for continuous
TV watching, having stared at a screen in a special Plexiglass theater for 86
hours and six minutes Monday.
Continental Airlines fined 200,000 euros over Concorde crash
U.S. carrier Continental Airlines was found "criminally responsible" for the
deadly crash of an Air France Concorde plane and fined 200,000 euros (265,182
U.S. dollars) by a French court on Monday.
Interview: China is improving energy efficiency: experts
by Xinhua writer Liu Lili, Wang Yujue
OPEC weekly oil price hits new record high
Impacted by the decline in U.S. dollars exchange rate, the weekly average prices
of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) last week rebounded
again, hitting a new record high of 84.90 U.S. dollars per barrel over the past
two years, the Vienna-based cartel said Monday.
Yearender: Obama struggles to juggle economic recovery, foreign
agenda
by Xinhua writer Yi Aijun
Spain's ruling party continues to lose popularity: poll
Spain's ruling Socialist PSOE party, led by Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez
Zapatero, continued to lose popularity, latest poll results showed Monday.
Rocket booster behind Russia's space launch failure
Failure of rocket booster may be behind the failed Sunday launch of three
Glonass-M navigation satellites, Russian deputy prime minister Sergei Ivanov
said Monday.
19 dangerous criminals on the run after prison break in Sierra
Leone capital
A massive hunt has been carried out by the police in the Sierra Leone capital
after 25 dangerous criminals escaped from a prison late Sunday, police said on
Monday.
London stock market up by midday
The London stock market rose by midday on Monday with the leading FTSE 100 index
up 22 points, or 0.4 percent, at 5,767 points at noon.
Striking air controllers will face punishment: Spanish minister
Spain's Public Works and Transport Minister Jose Blanco on Monday advised that
the country's airport authority take disciplinary action against the 442 air-
traffic controllers who caused travel chaos in the country over the weekend.
Greek police clash with protesters
Greek police on Monday clashed with protesters, who marched in Athens to mark
the anniversary of a police shooting of a teenager that triggered the country's
worst riots in decades in 2008.
Moldova's electoral body announces final election results
Moldova's Central Electoral Commission (CEC) on Monday unveiled the final
results of the snap parliamentary elections which granted four political parties
seats in the new parliament, news reaching here reported.
Cyprus community leaders meet to speed up reunification talks
Estranged Cyprus community leaders met on Monday for the first time since UN
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called them in New York almost three weeks ago and
urged them to speed up negotiations to reunite the eastern Mediterranean island.
11th TIFF film festival on screens in Georgia
A total of 74 feature films, documentaries and artistic varieties on Monday
gathered in Tbilisi to contest in the 11th Tbilisi International Film Festival
(TIFF).
Britain sets out high speed broadband plans
The British government on Monday outlined its plans for a high speed broadband
network across the whole country.
France calls for orderly, dignifed power transition in Cote
d'Ivoire
France on Monday called on Cote d'Ivoire to have an "orderly, peaceful and
dignified" power transition after last week's presidential run-off election.
Switzerland, China's Hong Kong sign accord to avoid double
taxation
Switzerland and China's Hong Kong on Monday signed an agreement on the avoidance
of double taxation, said the Swiss Foreign Ministry.
Kenyan football coach resigns amid confusion
By John Kwoba
Arsenal defender Vermaelen out until new year
Arsenal center back Thomas Vermaelen will not be back until the New Year due to
an Achilles problem, announced the Premier League club on Monday.
Kenyan striker signs for Vietnamese club
John Kwoba
Ronaldo to take paternity test
Corinthians' star striker Ronaldo said on Monday that he is prepared to take a
paternity test. The announcement comes after the athlete was presented to his
alleged five-year-old son, Alex.
Fluminense's Dario Conca wins Bola de Ouro
Fluminense's star midfielder and Argentinean native Dario Conca won the 2010
Bola de Ouro on Monday.
Tunisian football League ranked first in Africa
The Tunisian football league is the best in Africa according to the latest
rankings released by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) on Monday.
Cuba to build golf courses for tourists
Cuban Tourism Ministry announced on Monday that it is negotiating with
international construction companies to build 16 golf courses in order to
increase options for the tourists.
FIFA not thinking about changes to 2022 World Cup in Qatar
FIFA is not going to make changes when the 2022 World Cup in Qatar is played
despite fears the intense heat will be a risk for health if the tournament is
played in summer.
Newcastle fires manager Hughton
The English Premier League club Newcastle United announced on Monday that they
have fired manager Chris Hughton.
Liverpool plans to open soccer academy in Indonesia
English soccer club Liverpool plans to set up an academy in Jakarta, its first
academy in Southeast Asia, local media reported on Monday.
Turkish soccer fixtures
Following are the fixtures of the Turkish soccer league for Dec. 10-13:
Fluminense wins first Braizlian league title in 26 years
Fluminense won its first Brazilian league title in 26 years on Sunday after
beating Guarani 1-0 in the last round.
Ukraine to host world fencing championship in 2012
Ukraine's capital Kiev was chosen as a venue to host world fencing championship
in 2012, National Olympic Committee of Ukraine said in a statement on Monday.
Atletico Madrid sign Brazilian midfielder Elias
Atletico Madrid have sealed the capture of Brazilian midfielder Elias Mendes
according to Spanish newspapers Marca and AS.
Barcelona prepare to entertain Rubin with their homework done
FC Barcelona' s star players will probably enjoy a well-earned rest when their
side entertains Russian side Rubin Kazan in the Champions League this Tuesday
night.
Myanmar to compete in 2nd Asia Beach Sepaktakraw competition in
Oman
Myanmar sepaktraw team, which won two golds in the 16th Asian Games held in
China's southern city of Guangzhou, will compete in the 2nd Asia Beach
Sepaktakraw competition to be held in Oman, West Asia, a local weekly report
quoted the secretary of the Sepaktakraw Federation as reporting Monday.
Newcastle manager Hughton fired
English Premier League side Newcastle United has sacked manager Chris Hughton,
the club announced on their website on Monday.
World Cup was good for Africa too: South African minister
Successfully hosting the June- July 2010 FIFA World Cup had been good for the
development of the country and the continent, South Africa tourism minister
Marthinus van Schalkwyk said on Monday.
Bangladesh clinch 3rd ODI to take 2-1 lead against Zimbabwe
Bangladesh clinched a 65-run comfortable win over Zimbabwe thanks to an
impressive performance from tigers' bowlers in the 3rd match of the one-day
international series at Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium here in capital Dhaka
Monday.
Chinese economy's biggest challenge is economic restructuring:
expert
A well-known economist said Monday that  the biggest problem in China is not
inflation, but shifting its economic structure to maintain sustainable growth.
1st LD-Writethru: China to improve funding system for grassroots
hospitals
China's State Council, or the Cabinet, pledged Monday to further upgrade the
funding system for the country's medical institutions in small townships and
cities.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 6
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 6:
China's yuan weakens to 6.6565 per USD Tuesday
The value of yuan weakened as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6565 per U.S. dollar Monday, compared with Monday's
6.6515, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
China stock index futures open lower Tuesday
China's stock index futures opened lower Tuesday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, opened 14.8 points lower at 3,156.2.
ChiNext Index opens slightly lower Tuesday
ChiNext stocks declined 2.06 points, or 0.18 percent, to open at 1,132.33 points
Tuesday.
Hong Kong stocks open down 0.26 pct
Hong Kong stocks moved down 60.29 points, or 0.26 percent, to open at 23,177.40
Tuesday.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 75 HK dollars to open at 13,148 HK dollars
per tael Tuesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Vessel collision in Hong Kong leads to 1 dead, 6 injured
Two vessels collided at the water area east of Tung Lung Chau in Hong Kong
Tuesday, causing at least one death and six injuries, the Hong Kong Police said.
China's stocks close mixed at midday
China's stocks closed mixed in the morning trading session Tuesday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 0.33 percent, or 9.40 points, to
2,847.78 .
Moderate earthquake jolts southeast Taiwan
An earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale hit Chenggong of Taitung County
in southeast Taiwan at 10:46 a.m. Tuesday, according to the island's
meteorological department.
China operates world's longest high-speed railway network:
railways minister
China is operating a high-speed railway network with a combined length totaling
7,531 kilometers, the world's longest, said Chinese Railways Minister Liu Zhijun
Tuesday.
1st Ld Writethru:Strong cold front to bring temperature drops in
central, eastern  China
A strong cold front will hit most parts of central and eastern China over the
coming two days, bringing sharp temperature drops and winds, meteorological
authorities said Monday.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.6 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 140.78 points, or 0.6 percent to close Monday's
morning session at 23,461. 30 points.
China Focus: Savings, alternative explorations help companies
address environmental  challenges
In the meeting room of the Zenith Steel Group Corp. based in Changzhou City,
east China's Jiangsu Province, a giant timetable is seen hanging on the wall,
displaying 12 projects the company must complete before Jan.15 next year in
order to help emission reductions.
China's stocks close mixed Monday
China's equities closed mixed Monday, as the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
was driven up by oil and financial heavyweights to end at 2,857.18, up 0.52
percent, or 14.75 points.
Shanghai stock indices close mixed -- Dec. 6
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,857.18 Monday, up 14.75 points, or 0.52 percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices close down -- Dec. 6
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange was down 0.16
percent, or 20.22 points, to end at 12,422.79 points on Monday.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 6
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, shed
2.03 percent, or 23.56 points, to close at 1,134.38 on Monday.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec. 6
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,165.57 points Monday, up 7.41 points, or 0.23
percent, from the previous close.
China stock index futures close mixed Monday
China's stock index futures close mixed Monday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, dropped 0.07 percent to close at 3171.
1st LD-Writethru: Deadly grassland fire put out in SW China, two
critically injured
Fire fighters Monday put out a wild fire that raged for about 24 hours on a
plateau grassland in southwest China's Sichuan Province, leaving 22 dead and
four injured.
China Focus: Volunteers battle desertification in China one tree
at a time
By Xinhua writers Ni Yuanjin and Zhang Yunlong
1st LD-Writethru: China's stocks close mixed Monday
China's equities had a mixed close Monday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index driven up by oil and financial heavyweights to end at 2,857.18, up 0.52
percent, or 14.75 points.
Namibian FM to visit China
Namibian Minister of Foreign Affairs Utoni Nujoma will pay an official visit to
China from Dec. 7 to 14, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said
Monday.
China Cultural and Archaeological News in Brief: Chastity
Archway; Frozen Earth;  Filming of Dunhuang Grottoes
The following are some of China's cultural and archaeological news items in
brief:
Sudanese FM to visit China
Sudanese Foreign Minister Ahmed Ali Karti will pay a visit to China from Dec. 8
to 10, at the invitation of Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi.
Truck accident leaves one dead, causes acid spill in NW China
A truck driver died Monday when his vehicle rolled, spilling 15 tonnes of nitric
acid on a highway in northwest China.
SARS hero named among China's 10 best scientists, technicians
Zhong Nanshan, a renowned medical whistle-blower, is among China's 10 best
scientists and technicians, the China Association for Science and Technology
(CAST) announced Monday.
Two-month drought plagues China's major wheat-growing regions
A two-month drought is plaguing China's major wheat production areas, according
to local agricultural and drought relief authorities.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 6
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 6:
China's rural home appliance subsidy drives sales up 180 percent
China's stimulus program for home appliance purchases in rural areas continued
to boost sales in the first 11 months, the Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said
Monday.
Chinese defense minister meets Indonesian guest
Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie met here Monday with Indonesian Army
Chief of Staff George Toisutta.
Hong Kong signs tax treaty with Switzerland
Hong Kong Monday signed an agreement with Switzerland for the avoidance of
double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on
income.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close 0.36 pct lower
Hong Kong stocks closed down 82.83 points, or 0.36 percent, at 23,237.69 on
Monday.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.9 pct
Taiwan's share prices rose on Monday with the weighted index up 78.22 points, or
0.9 percent, to close at 8,702.23, according to news reaching here from Taipei.
China to improve funding system for grassroots hospitals
China's State Council, or the Cabinet, Monday pledged to further upgrade the
funding system for the country's grassroots medical institutions.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index down 1.02 pct -- Dec. 6
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange dropped
132.33 points, or 1. 02 percent, to close at 12,804.77 on Monday.
China expands cross-border yuan trade settlement trial to 67,359
firms
China's central bank said late Monday that it had expanded a pilot program for
cross-border yuan trade settlment to 67,359 exporters from the original 365
firms.
China's Geely now selling cars online
China's leading private-run carmaker, Zhejiang Geely Holding Group, began
selling cars online Monday to tap into the purchasing power of the nation's
hundreds of millions of netizens.
China backs talks to resolve Cote d'Ivoire's election disputes:
spokeswoman
A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson said Monday that China hopes political
parties in Cote d'Ivoire can settle election disputes through legal procedures
and political dialogue.
Former Taiwan leader sentenced to 17 years, 6 months in jail
Based upon guilty convictions in two corruption cases, the Taiwan High Court
sentenced former Taiwan leader Chen Shui-bian to a combined jail term of 17
years and six months on Monday.
Official driving drunk kills five teens in central China
Five teenagers were killed after being struck by a car driven by a drunken
official in central China's Henan Province Sunday night, the latest in a series
of traffic accidents in the country that stirred public outrage over law-
breaking officials.
1st Ld Writethru: China expands cross-border yuan trade
settlement trial
China's central bank late Monday announced a dramatic expansion of its pilot
program for cross- border yuan trade settlement to 67,359 exporters from the
original 365 firms
2,000 Taiwan students apply for mainland postgraduates every year
In recent years, about 2,000 Taiwan students apply to go to the Chinese mainland
for postgraduate studies each year, and 40 to 50 percent of them are accepted,
according to the island's China Tide Association.
China's lottery raises 25 bln dollars for public welfare in 23
years
China's government-run welfare lottery has raised a total of 164.5 billion yuan
(24.8 billion U.S. dollars) for public welfare funds over the last 23 years, the
Welfare Lottery Distribution and Management Center (WLDMC) announced Monday.
1st LD Writethru: Truck accident leaves one dead, causes acid
spill in NW China
Nitric acid that spilled from a crashed truck in a northwest Chinese city Monday
has caused no contamination of the Yellow River -- China's second longest river,
local officials said.
Lottery raises over 7 billion yuan for China's quake relief
Beijing, Dec. 6 (Xinhua) - China's welfare lottery has raised over seven billion
yuan (about 1 billion U.S. dollar) for the country' s quake-stricken area in its
southwest since 2008.
Chinese renewable energy firms encouraged to invest in U.S.
market
A senior official of China's National Energy Administration (NEA) encouraged
Chinese firms to invest in the renewable energy market of the United States to
boost their competitiveness in the international market.
Roundup: GCC summit wraps up with calls on Iran for sovereignty
respect
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) on Tuesday wrapped up
their two-day summit in the United Arab Emirates capital of Abu Dhabi with a
call on Iran for respecting their sovereignty.
Official killed, 11 wounded in Baghdad violence
An Iraqi government employee was killed and eleven people wounded in bomb and
gunfire attacks across Baghdad on Tuesday morning, an Interior Ministry source
said.
Recognition of Palestinian state isolates Israel, U.S.: PLO
official
The more countries recognize a Palestinian statehood on the lands Israel has
occupied in 1967, the more the U.S. and Israeli position "gets isolated," a
Palestinian official said Tuesday.
Iran's approach to Geneva talks "positive, constructive":
spokesman
Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said here Tuesday that
Iran's approach to the ongoing Geneva talks is "positive and constructive."
GCC foreign ministers approve final communique draft of 31st
summit
The foreign ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) member states have
approved at a meeting a draft of the final communique to be issued in the 31st
GCC summit due to wrap up Tuesday afternoon, official WAM news agency of the
United Arab Emirates (UAE) reported.
Roundup: Turkey sees a sharp increase in illegal drug trafficking
Turkey has seen a sharp increase in the amount of illegal drugs seized in the
country from 2003 to 2008,said a November report by the European Monitoring
Center for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA).
Carmel mount fire prompts mend in Israel-Turkish ties
Improved Israeli-Turkish ties may be a positive result of the international
cooperation in extinguishing a massive forest fire that swept through the Carmel
mountain range in northern Israel since last Thursday.
Iran considering reunion of two detained Germans with family:
spokesman
Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Tuesday that the
country is considering a request by the two detained Germans to reunite
temporarily with their family in New Year day.
1st LD: 31st GCC summit wraps up in Abu Dhabi
Abu Dhabi, Dec. 7 (Xinhua) -- Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council
(GCC) on Tuesday wraps up their 30th summit in the United Arab Emirates capital
of Abu Dhabi.
Iran's president says "stopping resolutions, sanctions" helps
Iran, G5+1 talks
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday that if the world powers stop
resolutions and lift sanctions against Iran, it will be helpful for the talks
between Iran and the five UN Security Council permanent members plus Germany
(G5+1), the state IRIB TV reported.
Israeli rabbinic ruling forbids renting, selling homes to non-
Jews
A group of influential Israeli rabbinic leaders on Tuesday released a
controversial Halachic ( traditional compendium of Jewish Law) ruling forbidding
Jews from selling or renting homes to gentiles - in this case, usually Israeli
Arabs - in predominantly Jewish areas in Israel.
News Analysis: Diplomatic battle on recognizing Palestinian state
on 1967 borders begins
by Omer Othmani, Emad Drimly, Saud Abu Ramadan
2nd LD: 31st GCC summit wraps up in Abu Dhabi
Abu Dhabi, Dec. 7 (Xinhua) -- Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council
(GCC) on Tuesday wraps up their 31th summit in United Arab Emirates capital Abu
Dhabi.
3rd LD: 31st GCC summit wraps up in Abu Dhabi
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) on Tuesday wraps up
their 31st summit in United Arab Emirates capital Abu Dhabi.
Iran, major powers agree to continue talks in Istanbul
Iran and major world powers agreed to continue talks on Iran's nuclear program
in late January 2011 in Istanbul, the largest city of Turkey, a statement issued
by the Turkish Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday.
Pakistani PM receives state medal of honor in Turkey
Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani received a state medal of honor here
Tuesday for his contributions to friendly ties between Pakistan and Turkey,
local media reported.
Israel slams Argentina, Uruguay for recognizing Palestinian state
Israeli Foreign Ministry officials on Tuesday expressed outrage at Argentina's
announcement that it recognizes a Palestinian state within the pre-1967 war
borders, saying it is counterproductive to the Mideast peace process.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,054.89 points on
Tuesday, up 8.91 points from Monday's close. The turnover was 1.54 billion
shekels (about 425 million U.S. dollars).
Iranian official says global crude oil crisis approaching
Iran's representative at the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries
(OPEC) Mohammad Ali Khatibi said Tuesday that the era of cheap crude oil supply
is already over and the global oil crisis is approaching, the semi- official
Mehr news agency reported.
Turkish security forces seize 234.7 kg of heroin
The Turkish security forces seized 234.7 kg of heroin in an operation in
southern of the country on Tuesday, an official statement said.
News Analysis: South American recognition for Palestinian state
mostly symbolic
by Adam Gonn
Roundup: Iran, G5+1 end Geneva talks, agreeing to meet again in
January
The two-day talks between Iran and the six major powers on Iran's nuclear
program ended on Tuesday with both sides agreeing to meet again in late January
in Turkey's largest city of Istanbul.
Israel's air force to establish fire-fighting squadron
The Israeli Air Force (IAF) has planned to establish a fire-fighting squadron
that would operate under its command after a wild bushfire that raged through
the Carmel Forest in northern Israel last week, local Ma'ariv daily reported
Tuesday.
Roundup: Gulf Arab market on brink to year-end-rally
Gulf Arab markets continued to surge slightly on Tuesday, with all markets
gaining value except Abu Dhabi.
Sudan Armed Forces denies bombarding south Sudan
Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) on Tuesday denied that it has bombarded any areas in
south Sudan and refuted the accusations by Sudan People's Liberation Movement (
SPLM).
Turkish PM reiterates demand for Israel's apology, compensation
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Tuesday reiterated that Israel
should apologize and make compensation for the deadly raid on a Gaza-bound aid
flotilla before the bilateral ties thaws.
Israeli-U.S. deal on settlement freeze delayed: defense minister
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said Tuesday that the talks with the United
States on a possible settlement freeze were postponed, as the U.S. government is
busy dealing with the crisis on the Korean peninsular.
Urgent: 31st GCC summit wraps up in Abu Dhabi
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) wrapped up their 31st
summit in the United Arab Emirates capital of Abu Dhabi Tuesday afternoon.
Cooperation council to bring new dimension to Turkish-Pakistani
ties: PM
Visiting Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani said Tuesday that the
High-level Cooperation Council between Turkey and Pakistan would bring a new
dimension to the Turkish-Pakistani friendship.
Bahraini diplomat stabbed in Damascus
Mohammad Mahmeed, a Bahraini diplomat, was attacked in Damascus on Monday
evening, the Syrian Damascus Press news website reported Tuesday.
Police finds bomb, drugs in Sanaa
Yemeni police have captured a highly explosive TNT device in a car in Sanaa, the
country's Interior Ministry said Tuesday.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 7
Leaders of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) on Tuesday wraps up
their 31st summit in United Arab Emirates capital Abu Dhabi.
Dollar trades in mid-83 yen range
The U.S. dollar traded in the mid-83 yen range early Wednesday in Tokyo, little
changed from its levels on Tuesday in New York.
Japan's core machinery orders fall 1.4 pct on month in October
Japan's core machinery orders declined a seasonally adjusted 1.4 percent in
October from a month earlier, marking the second straight month of contraction,
the Cabinet Office said in a report on Wednesday.
Japanese stocks open higher on softer yen
Japanese stocks opened higher Wednesday, boosted by a softer yen against the
dollar.
Australian students' literacy levels declining: report
An international study on Wednesday showed the academic performance of
Australian high school students has plummeted in the past decade.
Japan's current account surplus rises 2.9 pct on year in October
Japan's current account surplus increased 2.9 percent in October from a year
earlier to 1,436.2 billion yen (17.20 billion U.S. dollars), according to
official data released by the Ministry of Finance Wednesday.
Australian aerial shark patrol trials set to begin in summer
holidays
Helicopters and light aircraft will patrol Australia's New South Wales (NSW)
coastline for sharks this summer, the state government said on Wednesday.
Cambodia's most banks in good health in the triple rise of
capital: NBC
Cambodia's most commercial banks are set to meet the requirement of the triple
increase of the registered capital by the end of this year, said the director
general of the National Bank of Cambodia, Tal Nay Im, on Wednesday.
Overweight dads more likely to have smaller babies: report
New Zealand's Auckland University researchers have found that overweight fathers
are more likely to have undersized babies, New Zealand media reported on
Wednesday.
Japanese bank lending drops for 12th straight month in Nov.
Bank lending in Japan fell 2.1 percent in November from a year earlier, marking
the 12th successive month of decline, the Bank of Japan (BOJ) said in a report
on Wednesday.
Cambodia's diamond bridge reopened after stampede tragedy
Cambodia's diamond bridge at the Diamond Island is re-opened on Wednesday after
over two weeks of closure since the stampede tragedy on Nov. 22 that killed 353
people.
Indonesian delegates set to march into Gaza
Twelve civil resisters from Indonesia will be flagging off from Jakarta on
Wednesday as part of the first "Asia to Gaza Solidarity Caravan" which will
travel across Iran, Turkey, Syria, Lebanon and Egypt to reach Gaza of Palestine,
a press statement said here.
S. Korean parliament reaches impasse over budget bill
The parliamentary standoff continued between South Korea's rival parties Tuesday
as opposition lawmakers got physical to block the passage of next year's budget
plan.
Australian gov't welcomes Solomon Islands crime laws
Australian Justice Minister Brendan O'Connor on Wednesday welcomed the Solomon
Islands government for strengthening laws to stamp out money laundering.
Australian gov't praises tougher reef shipping regulations
Australian federal government on Wednesday praised a decision by the
international shipping regulator to provide greater scrutiny of ships traveling
near the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia.
Silver jubilee of founding of SAARC celebrated in Kathmandu
The silver jubilee of the founding of the South Asian Association for Regional
Cooperation ( SAARC) is being celebrated Wednesday by all member states,
Kathmandu- based SAARC Secretariat, its regional centers as well as its apex and
recognized bodies by organizing various programs.
Kathmandu-Lhasa bus services likely to resume
With Nepal Tourism Year-2011 just around the corner, the Kathmandu-Lhasa bus
service, which was suspended more than three years ago, is very likely to resume
within a month.
Singapore to become Asia's second largest casino gaming market by
2011
Singapore will overtake Australia and South Korea by 2011 to become Asia's
second largest casino gaming market after Macao.
Australian housing finance figures show home loan demand growing
Better-than-expected housing finance figures from the Australian Bureau of
Statistics (ABS) show Australia's home loan demand has stabilized and is growing
again, said economists on Wednesday.
Australian gov't remains committed to return budget to surplus in
2012/13: Finance Minister
Australian government remains committed to bringing the budget back to surplus
in 2012/13 even though risks still exist in the global economy, Finance Minister
Penny Wong said on Wednesday.
Myanmar makes public election figures
The Myanmar Union Election Commission has made public the figures for respective
levels of parliamentary elections held on Nov. 7, all official dailies reported
Wednesday.
SAARC enters to adulthood stage: Nepali PM
Nepali Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal has said as South Asian Association for
Regional Cooperation (SAARC) has entered to the adulthood stage, and the
emphasis should now be on the implementation of core areas of cooperation
directly benefiting the people of the region.
5,000 emergency volunteers standby for severe floods in
Australia's states
Heavy rains and severe thunderstorms continue to wreak havoc across southern and
eastern Australia, while 5,000 Victorian State Emergency Services (SES)
volunteers are on standby on Wednesday preparing for an expected three-day
floods.
30 literatus win literature house manuscript awards for 2009 in
Myanmar
A total of 30 literatus have won manuscript awards in Myanmar extended by the
Sarpay Beikman ( Literature House) for 2009, an announcement of the Sarpay
Beikman Manuscript Awards Scrutinizing Committee said on Wednesday.
Indian stocks open lower
MUMBAI, Dec. 8 (Xinhua)--Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,874.30
points Wednesday 60.34 points lower from previous close of 19,934.64 points on
concerns over hikes of interest rates from commercial banks.
S. Korea's Jan-Oct current account surplus drops under new
calculation rule
South Korea's current account surplus during the first 10 months of 2010
narrowed under the new calculating manual recommended by the International
Monetary Fund (IMF), the central bank said Wednesday.
Dollar rises upper 83 yen range
The U.S. dollar rose to the upper 83 yen zone Wednesday morning in Tokyo.
Roundup: Australia's four big banks show no signs of buckling
By Christian Edwards, Jiang Yaping
Winter grain crop in Australia still forecast to rise despite
heavy rains
Despite heavy rains damage to grain crops across eastern Australia and drought
through Western Australia, the federal government's commodity forecaster on
Tuesday predicted the winter grain haul to rise 22 percent.
5 rebels killed in separate clashes with Philippine troops
Philippine military forces on Tuesday killed five leftist rebels, a week before
the 19-day ceasefire agreement with the New People's Army (NPA).
Bangladesh seeks India help to rescue ship from pirates
Bangladesh has asked India to help rescue a Bangaldeshi merchant ship which was
captured by suspected Somali pirates on Sunday off the coast of India's
Lakshadweep Islands, sources said Tuesday.
Australia leaves interest rate unchanged at 4.75 percent
The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) left the cash rate unchanged at 4.75 percent
at its monthly board meeting on Tuesday.
Australian PM vows to introduce carbon price
Australian prime minister Julia Gillard on Tuesday admitted it will not be easy
for her government to convince the public that a price on carbon is necessary to
tackle climate change.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 7
Japan's official reserve assets fell in November to 1. 101 trillion U.S.
dollars, down 17.09 billion U.S.dollars from a month earlier, the Ministry of
Finance (MOF) said in a report on Tuesday.
Japan-U.S. military drill starts major ground training
Kirishima, Japan, Dec. 7 (Xinhua) -- Japan and the United States launched a
major ground training in Kirishima Training Area in southern Japan's Miyazaki
Prefecture Tuesday, as part of the biggest-ever joint military exercises which
kicked off in several places in Japan last Friday.
Reporters ask Taliban to stop attacks in public places
Pakistani and international journalists have appealed to Pakistani Taliban on
Tuesday to stop suicide attacks in public places to avoid casualties of
civilians and journalists covering the events.
Philippines' Nov. foreign reserves reach all-time high
Philippine's gross international reserves reached an all-time high of 61.3
billion U.S. dollars in November.
Urgent: One killed as blast hits Quetta in SW Pakistan
At least one people was killed and some were injured Tuesday as an explosion
went off in a downtown area in southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta, local
sources told Xinhua.
Communist Party of Philippines echoes government's Christmas
ceasefire proposal
The Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) announced Tuesday that it has
reciprocated the government's ceasefire for the Christmas season, an act of
goodwill which the CPP hope will pave the way for the resumption of the stalled
formal peace negotiations.
1st LD: 5 killed in double blasts in SW Pakistan
At least five people were killed and some injured Tuesday as two separate
explosions struck the southwestern Pakistani province of Balochistan, witnesses
told Xinhua.
Concerns grow in S. Korea over spread of foot-and-mouth disease
Fears over the spread of foot-and- mouth disease are growing in South Korea as
another outbreak of the disease was confirmed on Tuesday, raising the total
number of cases to 31.
Thai PM denies Thaksin-Bout swap claims
There is no discussion between the Thailand and the United States to swap
fugitive former PM Thaksin Shinawatra for accused Russian arms dealer Viktor
Bout, Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said before attending the weekly cabinet
meeting on Tuesday.
2nd LD Writethru: 5 killed in double blasts in SW Pakistan
At least five people were killed and some injured Tuesday as two separate
explosions struck the southwestern Pakistani province of Balochistan, witnesses
told Xinhua.
3rd LD Writethru: Chief minister escapes suicide attack in SW
Pakistan
The chief minister of Pakistan's southwestern Balochistan province escaped
unhurt in a suicide bomb attack on Tuesday, police said.
Bangladesh receives around 946 mln USD remittance in November
Millions of Bangladeshis, living and working abroad, remitted home 945.989
million U.S. dollars in November, 2010 thanks largely to Eid-ul-Azha, one of the
biggest Muslim festivals, observed in the last month, a central bank official
said Tuesday.
Nikkei closes 0.26 pct lower
Tokyo stocks closed slightly lower Tuesday with the key Nikkei index down 0.26
percent.
Australian research proves daily use of sunblock prevents
melanoma
Australian research on Tuesday showed for the first time that daily sunblock use
can prevent potentially deadly melanoma.
S. Korean president calls for "fortification" of border islands
against DPRK attack
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak suggested Monday militarily fortifying five
front-line islands following the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)'s
shelling of one of the western islands, Lee's office said.
ADB provides 200 million U.S.-dollar loan to improve Philippines'
financial sector
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide a 200 million U.S. dollar-loan to
the Philippines to aid the country in reforming its financial sector.
Japan's key economic gauge falls 1.4 point in Oct, gov't
downgrades assessment
A key gauge of Japan's current economic conditions dropped for a second straight
month in October, the Cabinet Office said in a report on Tuesday.
4 militants wounded in insurgent attack in Thailand's restive
south
Four soldiers were wounded in an ambush by southern militants in Rueso district
of southern Narathiwat province on Tuesday morning.
1st LD Writethru: Japan-U.S. military drill starts major field
training
Japan and the United States launched a major field training in Kirishima
Training Area in southern Japan's Miyazaki Prefecture Tuesday, as part of the
biggest-ever joint military exercises which kicked off in several places in
Japan last Friday.
Cambodia holds meeting on reintegration of victims of human
trafficking
Cambodia opened a two-day meeting on Tuesday to discuss on reintegration of
victims of human trafficking in the Greater Mekong Sub-region.
Roundup: Philippine shares end 4-day rally
The Philippine stock market ended its four-day rally on Tuesday after foreign
investors started booking their gains following the higher-than-expected
November inflation.
Singapore family-run SMEs limited in growth
Many family-run small and medium- sized enterprises (SMEs) in Singapore have the
potential to grow global, but they would eventually be limited in growth because
they would not be able to scale up quickly.
International community not to leave alone Afghanistan: British
PM Cameron
The visiting British Prime Minister David Cameron said Tuesday that the
international community would not leave alone Afghanistan after 2014.
Defense officials of ASEAN, dialogue partners meet in Vietnam
Defense officials from ten Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)
countries and their eight dialogue partners met Tuesday for a working group
meeting in Vietnam's central highland Dalat city, Vietnam News Agency reported.
Hong Kong, Singapore are most favored among key Asian property
markets: Pacific Star Group
Hong Kong and Singapore are its most favored of 11 Asian property markets, said
Pacific Star Group one of Asia's leading real estate investment houses  in its
press release.
U.S. Defense Secretary visits Afghanistan
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates paid a surprise visit to Afghanistan on
Tuesday, a private television channel reported.
Sarkozy pays homage to Mumbai attacks victims
French President Nicolas Sarkozy Tuesday paid homage to the victims of the 2008
Mumbai terror attacks, while asking the Pakistan government to show commitment
in fighting terrorism.
Roundup: S. Korean shares end up on upbeat U.S. spending
forecasts
Seoul shares closed up Tuesday as investors gathered tech shares on upbeat
spending forecasts in the United States, local analysts said.
Dollar at upper 82 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 82 yen level Tuesday in Tokyo.
Fiji expects sale of woodchips to boost economy
Suva, Dec. 7 (Xinhua) -- Fiji's export revenue amounting to about 93 million
Fiji dollars (50 million US dollars) from the sale of woodchips is expected to
be generated by 2011 and 2012 to revive the island nation's economy.
Thai police monitoring Thaksin's visit to US
Thai National Police Chief said Tuesday that the police are tracking where the
fugitive ex- premier Thaksin Shinawatra would apply for a visa in order to
travel to the United States.
Roundup: Nikkei falls 0.26 pct on strong yen, lack of fresh
trading cues
Tokyo stocks lost ground Tuesday, with the key Nikkei stock index falling for a
second straight day as a strong yen spurred profit-taking and sent export-
related issues into negative territory.
Singapore hosts world forum on Chinese culture
A world forum on the Chinese culture in the 21st Century kicked off here on
Tuesday, aiming to promote co-existence and co-prosperity of the Chinese and
other cultures in the world.
U.S. high official visits Myanmar
State Department official of the United States Joseph Y. Yun arrived Nay Pyi Taw
Tuesday to look into Myanmar's political situation in the post-election period
and seek pursuit of new policy of engagement with Myanmar, according to
diplomatic sources.
Roundup: Sarkozy pays homage to Mumbai attack victims, backs
India to fight terror
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said on Tuesday that France will stand by India
to ensure the perpetrators of the Mumbai terror attacks be brought to justice.
Singapore shares end 0.33 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 10.47 points or 0.33 percent on Tuesday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,191.88 points.
New copper produced at "Lady Annie" of Australia
Copper was produced late Monday at "Lady Annie", a copper mine operations owned
by CST Minerals, a Hong Kong-based company, marking a significant step for the
firm to grow to be a competitive copper miner in the world.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 7
Japan and the United States launched a major field training in Kirishima
Training Area in southern Japan's Miyazaki Prefecture Tuesday, as part of the
biggest-ever joint military exercises which kicked off in several places in
Japan last Friday.
Japanese modern music show with traditional instruments to be
held in Yangon
A Japanese modern music show played with traditional musical instruments will be
launched in Yangon under the culture exchange program of Myanmar and Japan, the
local weekly Flower News reported Tuesday.
Indian stocks close down 0.23 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex declined 46.67 points or 0.23 percent Tuesday
on lackluster growth momentum.
Vietnam opposes World Wild Fund's decision on catfish
Vietnam on Tuesday opposed the decision of the World Wild Fund (WWF) to name
Vietnam's catfish in the red list.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 7
The Philippine stock market declined 0.59 percent on Tuesday.
Thai gov't to report on its performance after 2 years in office
The Abhisit Vejjajiva government of Thailand will hold a press conference to
disclose its annual report after two years in office, said Acting Government
Spokesman Panitan Wattanayagorn on Tuesday.
Some 356,102 Bangladeshis find overseas jobs in January-November
In the first 11 months of 2010 some 356,102 Bangladeshis found overseas jobs, a
decline of nearly 20 percent over the same period last year, an official said
Tuesday.
Rising inflation, currency to affect Thai economy in 2011:
economist
Rising inflation and local currency value will be key factors affecting Thai
economic growth next year, a private economist said on Tuesday.
U.S. again fails to issue visa to Fiji official for COP16
conference on climate change
The U.S. Embassy here has failed to issue the visa to Fiji's Minister for Local
Government and Environment Colonel Samuela Saumatua to attend the 16th
Conference of the Parties to the UN Framework Convention for Climate Change,
known as COP16, in Cancun, Mexico, The Fiji Information Ministry said Tuesday in
a press release.
Internationalization of RMB foreseeable: expert
A famed Chinese economic expert forecasted at a forum here on Tuesday that it
would not take long for the yuan to be internationalized though there was no
timetable available.
Feature: Sri Lankan Navy to celebrate Diamond Jubilee
Royal Ceylon Navy, as was then known, was renamed as the Sri Lanka Navy in 1972,
after Ceylon, the former British dominion, became the sovereign republic of Sri
Lanka.
Thousands of families displaced as flood hit S. Philippines
Thousands of families have been displaced as flashfloods triggered by heavy
rains hit southern Philippines, officials said Tuesday.
Hindu hardline outfit rejects construction of new mosque in
disputed holy land in India
India's hardline Hindu outfit Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) said Tuesday that it
will not allow construction of a new mosque at the disputed Ram Janmabhoomi site
here at any cost.
Urgent: 20 injured in blast in Indian holy city
At least 20 people, including seven foreigners, were injured in a blast in the
Indian holy city of Varanasi in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, said local
TV channels.
Roundup: Correction drags Pakistan's KSE lower
After a massive bullish rally in the last week or so, equities at Pakistan's
Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) witnessed bearish trend on Tuesday owing to
technical correction but the quantum of fall was on the slimmer side.
UN says crisis far from over for Pakistan's children
More than four months after the worst floods in Pakistan's history, the United
Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) warns that winter will worsen the threats
against the country's children who already suffer high rates of acute
respiratory infections and malnutrition.
Urgent: 4 killed in blast in temple in Indian holy city
At least four people, including one foreign tourist, were killed in a blast
Tuesday evening in a temple in the holy city of Varanasi in the northern Indian
state of Uttar Pradesh, reported local TV channel Headlines.
1st LD Writethru: Many injured in blast outside temple in Indian
holy city
An unspecified number of people, including some foreigners, were injured in a
blast outside a Hindu temple in the holy city of Varanasi in the northern Indian
state of Uttar Pradesh Tuesday evening, reported media.
Philippine gov't optimistic that issue on Malaysian facilitator
to be resolved soon
The Philippine government is optimistic that the issue on the Malaysian
facilitator on the peace process between Manila and the rebel Moro Islamic
Liberation Front (MILF) will soon be resolved to pave way for the start of the
negotiation, senior government official said on Tuesday.
2nd LD Writethru: At least 20 injured in blast in Indian holy
city Varanasi
At least 20 people, including some foreigners, were injured in a blast outside a
Hindu temple in the holy city of Varanasi in the northern Indian state of Uttar
Pradesh Tuesday evening, reported local media.
3rd LD Writethru: At least 20 injured in blast in Indian holy
city
At least 20 people, including four foreigners were injured in a blast in the
Indian holy city of Varanasi in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday,
police said.
At least 1 killed in blast in Indian holy city
At least one person was killed in a powerful blast in the Indian holy city
Varanasi Tuesday evening, reported local media.
Roundup: At least 1 killed in apparent terror attack in Indian
holy city
At least one person was killed and many others injured in a powerful blast in
the northern Indian holy city Varanasi Tuesday evening, reported local media.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 7
Rising inflation and local currency value will be key factors affecting Thai
economic growth next year, a private economist said on Tuesday.
Chinese destroyer Lanzhou arrives in Sri Lanka
Chinese missile destroyer Lanzhou arrived at Sri Lanka's Colombo port on Tuesday
for a five-day visit in the South Asian island country.
Indian PM condemns terror attack in holy city
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Tuesday evening condemned the terror attack
in the northern holy city of Varanasi, saying it was an attempt to "weaken"
India' s resolve to fight the "evil forces of terrorism", reported the Press
Trust of India.
Outlawed terror group claims responsibility for blast in Indian
holy city: report
An outlawed terror group has claimed responsibility for Tuesday's blast in the
northern Indian holy city of Varanasi, reported local media.
Nepali president reiterates one-China policy
Nepali President Ram Baran Yadav reiterated one-China policy on Tuesday when he
met with visiting Chinese Minister of Culture Cai Wu in the capital of
Kathmandu.
AU appoints high representative for African standby force
Chairperson of the Commission of the African Union (AU) Jean Ping has appointed
Sekouba Konate, president of the transition and minister of national defense of
Guinea, as the high representative of the African Union (AU) for the
operationalization of the African Standby Force (ASF).
Mbeki urges Cote d'Ivoire's politicians to work for peace
Former South African president Thabo Mbeki, the mediator of the political crisis
in Cote d'Ivoire, on Monday urged politicians in the West African country to
work for the return of peace.
Guinea's new president to form "gov't of national unity"
Newly elected Guinean President Alpha Conde said on Monday that he would soon
form a "government of national unity and not a government of coalition of
parties."
Nigerian leader urges military to protect civilian population
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has directed troops operating in the oil
rich Niger Delta region to always ensure the protection of the civilian
population in its operations.
COMESA rues over new tobacco guidelines
Africa's largest trading block has said guidelines of the World Health
Organization (WHO) Framework Convention on Tobacco Control poses a threat to the
livelihood of millions in Africa, the Post of Zambia reported on Tuesday.
British tourist conspired in bride's murder: South African driver
British tourist Shrien Dewani conspired with South African taxi driver Zola
Tongo in the hijacking that led to the murder of  his wife Anni in Gugulethu,
near Cape Town on Nov. 13 ,  the Cape High Court heard on Tuesday morning.
Nigeria pledges to partner with French business community
Nigeria on Monday assured the French Business Confederation of cooperation and
partnership in the development of infrastructure in the country.
Urgent: Somali pirates seize Bangladesh-flagged ship
Somali pirates have hijacked a Bangladesh-flagged bulk carrier about 1300
nautical miles east of Eyl in Somalia, EU anti-piracy mission said on Tuesday.
1st LD Writethru: Somali pirates seize Bangladesh-flagged ship
Somali pirates hijacked a Bangladesh- flagged bulk carrier about 1,300 nautical
miles east of Eyl in Somalia, the EU anti-piracy mission said on Tuesday.
Mozambique, Brazil sign social security agreement
Mozambican Labor Minister Helena Taipo and Brazilian Social Security Minister
Carlos Eduardo Gabas signed a cooperation agreement for social security to
computerize the sector in the Southern African country, local media reported on
Tuesday.
Italian business mission expected in Maputo for trade
The Mozambican Confederation of Business Associations says an Italian business
mission will be arriving in Mozambique this month to explore business contacts,
according to Radio Mozambique.
Kenya to set up climate change panel
The Kenyan government will set up a panel to monitor and follow up
recommendations reached at all climate change conferences and negotiations.
French investors seeks more opportunities in Nigeria: official
The French business community was seeking more investment opportunities in
Nigeria, according to Lucas Patrick, the chairman of Medef International, a
business confederation.
Nigeria estimates 10 bln USD annually to address infrastructure
shortage
The Nigerian government has said the vision 2020 strategy estimates between 8
and 10 billion U.S. dollars will be required annually to address infrastructure
shortage in the country.
Urgent: UN mission evacuates non-essential staff in Cote d'Ivoire
The UN mission in Cote d'Ivoire says it has begun withdrawing non-essential
staff from the troubled West African country, amid rising tensions following the
Nov. 28 presidential run-off.
1st LD: UN mission evacuates non-essential staff in Cote d'Ivoire
The UN mission in Cote d'Ivoire says it has begun withdrawing non-essential
staff from the troubled West African country, amid rising tensions following the
Nov. 28 presidential run-off.
Roundup: UK tourist pays for bride's murder in South Africa
Shrien Dewani, the UK tourist accused of  plotting his wife Anni's murder in
South Africa, paid 15,000 rands (2,143 U. S. dollars) for the deed, the Cape
High Court was told on Tuesday.
Kenyan firm calls for fast-tracking legislation on vandalism
Kenyan mobile phone firm Orange on Tuesday appealed to parliament to fast track
legislation to curb cable vandalism and sabotage in the East African nation.
New Analysis: Senegal wary of weapons headed to neighboring
Gambia
The anxiety of the Senegalese authorities has mounted after the Oct. 21 seizure
of heavy weapons in Nigeria reportedly coming from Iran and destined to Gambia.
Nigerian finance minister defends gov't external borrowing plan
The Nigerian federal government has said the outstanding 3.7 billion U.S.
dollars external borrowing plan requested by President Goodluck Jonathan would
be judiciously utilized.
1012040 South Africa's power utility saves 2.86 bln USD
South Africa's state-owned power utility Eskom achieved savings of  20 billion
rands (2.86 billion U. S. dollars) in the 2009-2010 financial year, according to
South Africa's department of public enterprises.
South Africa's power utility saves 2.86 bln USD
South Africa's state-owned power utility Eskom achieved savings of  20 billion
rands (2.86 billion U. S. dollars) in the 2009-2010 financial year, according to
South Africa's department of public enterprises.
South African union concerned at reputation damage after UK
tourist murder
The Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) said on Tuesday it is
concerned at the damage to South Africa's reputation caused by the murder of a
UK tourist in South Africa.
Rwanda reports increase of mountain gorillas in Central African
park
The analysis of a recent census conducted in the Virunga Massif located in the
northern region of Rwanda confirms a 26.3 percent increase in the population of
mountain gorillas, according to an official statement made available Tuesday to
Xinhua in the capital Kigali.
Britain hopes to strengthen parliamentary ties with Angola:
minister
Visiting British Minister for Africa and Parliamentary Affairs Henry Billingham
said here on Tuesday his country intends to strengthen parliamentary relations
with Angola as part of its efforts to promote economic cooperation with the
African country.
Hundreds of illegal miners arrested in South Africa
More than 300 illegal miners were arrested at Aurora Empowerment Systems'
Grootvlei Mine in Springs, east of Johannesburg, on Monday and Tuesday,
according to Talk Radio 702 in Johannesburg.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo forms government of 33 members
Laurent Gbagbo, who was named by Cote d'Ivoire's Constitutional Council as the
winner of the presidential run-off, has announced the formation of a government
of 33 members.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo forms government of 33 members
Laurent Gbagbo, who was named by Cote d'Ivoire's Constitutional Council as the
winner of the presidential run-off, has announced the formation of a government
of 33 members.
Ugandan president assures Egypt on Nile waters
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni on Tuesday assured Egypt that there is no
political problem with the Nile waters but the growing population pressure
forced people to cut down trees and invade swamps to grow crops.
Urgent: ECOWAS suspends Cote d'Ivoire over election dispute:
report
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has suspended Cote
d'Ivoire over the country's electoral dispute, media reports said on Tuesday.
1st LD: ECOWAS suspends Cote d'Ivoire over election dispute:
report
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has suspended Cote
d'Ivoire over the country's electoral dispute, media reports said on Tuesday.
2nd LD: ECOWAS suspends Cote d'Ivoire over election dispute:
report
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has suspended Cote
d'Ivoire over the country's electoral dispute, media reports said on Tuesday.
France denounces Cantona's call for mass bank-run
France's main political figures including government officials have denounced
the call of former veteran soccer player Eric Cantona to empty French banks by
massive individual withdrawals, calling on him to show more responsibility.
Russian stocks close up
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Tuesday with both key indexes higher.
Russian economy maintains momentum in growth
Russian Federal Customs Service Tuesday released latest statistics on Russia
economy, showing the country still maintained momentum in economic growth.
First "Int'l Corruption Hunters Alliance" meets at WB to
accelerate global efforts
The International Corruption Hunters Alliance, a network of more than 200 anti-
corruption officials from 134 countries including China, India, the United
States and among others, met for the first time on Tuesday at the World Bank
Group's headquarters to discuss how to advance the investigation and prosecution
of corrupt actors, including those who defraud World Bank projects.
Austrian minister promises to intensify education reforms
Austrian Minister of Education Claudia Schmied Tuesday delivered a speech on the
country's significantly decreased status in The Programme for International
Student Assessment (PISA), saying that they accept responsibility for it and
will intensify education reforms.
German factory orders rebound as domestic demand jumps
German factory orders rebounded in October after suffering a steep decline in
September, with domestic orders being chiefly responsible for the increase,
according to data released by the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology
on Tuesday.
U.S. designates operative of al-Qaeda in Yemen global terrorist
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday designated operative of the
al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) Fahd al-Quso as a specially designated
global terrorist.
Wall Street hits two-year high on tax-cut extension plan
U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday, sending the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 to a fresh
two-year high, after President Barack Obama announced plans to extend the Bush-
era tax cuts.
Spanish pilots union assures no strike action over Christmas
period
The union of Spanish airline pilots (SEPLA) assured on Tuesday that it had
canceled its plans to stage industrial action over the Christmas period.
Winter to be harsh time for flood-hit Pakistan: UNICEF
Winter will be a difficult season in Pakistan for children, adding a higher risk
of malnutrition and respiratory disease to the already increasing threat of
polio after floods devastated parts of the country earlier this year, the UN
Children's Fund (UNICEF) said on Tuesday.
Kenyan hockey club leaves for African championship
Kenyan clubs Telkom Orange and Strathmore University left on Tuesday morning for
Accra for the Africa hockey club championships, which will kick off on Thursday
in Ghana.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Tuesday with the leading FTSE 100 index
up by 38.17 points, or 0.66 percent, at 5,808.45 points.
Flamengo's Bruno receives first sentence of 4.5 years in jail
Judge Marco Couto handed down a four and a half year prison sentence to Bruno
Fernandes, the former goalkeeper of Flamengo, on Tuesday.
China, EU patent offices deepen cooperation
Senior Chinese and European patent officials on Tuesday signed here bilateral
cooperation agreements, deepening ties between the two sides on intellectual
property rights (IPR) protections.
EU backs Russia's bid to join WTO
The European Union (EU) signed an agreement with Russia on Tuesday, backing
Moscow's bid to join the World Trade Organization (WTO).
U.S. calls for peaceful transition in Cote d'Ivoire
The United States on Tuesday called for incumbent President of Cote d'Ivoire
Laurent Gbagbo to "make the right choice" and embark on a peaceful transition to
his rival in the ongoing election disputes.
Tajikistan, Russia declare success of anti-drug campaign
A joint anti-drug trafficking campaign by Tajikistan and Russia was announced
successful by the two countries' officials, Tajik news service Asia Plus
reported Tuesday.
Economy in U.S. state of California expected to improve: report
Pushed by a possible rebound in the housing market and increased imports,
Economy in the U.S. state of California is expected to be on a strong footing
next year, according to an economic forecast released on Tuesday.
Luxembourgian artist wins Triennial in Bulgaria
Marc Frising from Luxembourg here on Tuesday was declared the winner in the
Sixth International Triennial of Graphic Arts Sofia 2010.
Apple postpones mass production of iPad 2: report
Apple had postponed its plans to start mass production of iPad 2 in January, it
was reported on Tuesday.
UN official concerned over forced closure of NGO office in Gaza
A UN humanitarian official on Tuesday expressed his concern over the forced
closure by local authorities in Gaza of all Gaza-based offices of a non-
governmental organization (NGO), which the official described as " an important
NGO partner of the United Nations" working for local children and young people
in the occupied territory, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky said here.
Urgent: Gold falls after touching historical record
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange concluded
rising spree on Tuesday, falling 0.5 percent from the prior trading day, as
profit- taking dominated the market after the price hit historical record on
Monday.
Urgent: Gold falls after touching historical record
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange concluded
rising spree on Tuesday, falling 0.5 percent from the prior trading day, as
profit- taking dominated the market after the price hit historical record on
Monday.
German industrial orders rise amid strong domestic demand
German industrial orders rallied in October after a sharp drop previous month as
both domestic and foreign demands strongly powered the steady recovery of the
Europe' s largest economy, official data showed Tuesday.
Certain flu viruses gaining resistance to antiviral drugs:
researchers
Certain influenza virus strains are gaining increasing resistance to antiviral
drugs, posing a greater threat to humans, researchers warned on Tuesday.
Urgent: Obama says tax cuts compromise conducive to Americans,
economy
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday at a press conference that a
compromise on extending the soon-to-expire Bush-era tax cuts with Republicans
was conducive to the American people and bolstering the U.S. economy.
CECAFA Challenge Cup results
Following are the CECAFA Senior Challenge Cup quarter-final results in Tanzania
Tuesday:
Arkema proposes 550 mln euros for Total's resins business
French main chemical producer Arkema unveiled on Tuesday its plan to acquire
Total's resins activities for 550 million euros (732 million U.S. dollars) as
part to strengthen its position in Asian markets.
Death toll reaches 30 in Colombian landslide
Rescuers have found 30 of the 150 people who are believed to be trapped in the
mud and rocks left by a landslide in Bello, Antioquia, in the northeast of
Colombia.
1st LD: Obama says tax cuts compromise conducive to Americans,
economy
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday at a press conference that a
compromise on extending the soon-to-expire Bush-era tax cuts with Republicans
was conducive to the American people and bolstering the U.S. economy.
Copenhagen University to start research program on financial
crisis forecast
The University of Copenhagen said Tuesday that it is building a new research
center on financial risk management studies, which will hopefully help predict
the next financial crisis.
2nd LD-Writethru: Obama says tax cuts compromise conducive to
Americans, economy
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday at a press conference that a
compromise on extending the soon-to-expire Bush-era tax cuts with Republicans
was conducive to the American people and bolstering the U.S. economy.
Urgent: Oil falls from 2-year high on stronger dollar
Crude prices fell Monday on stronger dollar. Light, sweet crude for January
delivery fell 69 cents to 88.69 U.S. dollars a barrel on the New York
Mercantile.
Chiefs scoop South African football awards
Top South African football side Kaizer Chiefs rounded off their Telkom Knockout
campaign with more honors at the tournament's awards ceremony on Tuesday.
Gold falls after touching historical record
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange concluded
the rising spree on Tuesday, falling 0.5 percent from the prior trading day, as
profit- taking dominated the market after the price hit historical record on
Monday.
IMF head supports extension of loan repayment for Greece
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Tuesday expressed support
for a plan to extend the repayment period of EU-IMF loans for Greece.
Oil falls from 2-year high on stronger dollar
Crude prices fell from a 2-year high Tuesday on stronger U.S. dollar.
EU, Russia settle bilateral issues on Russia's accession to WTO
European Union (EU) and Russia have settled bilateral issues on Russia's
accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO), European Commission said on
Tuesday.
Austrian foreign trade in first three quarters grows vigorously
Austrian foreign trade from January to September this year grew vigorously,
import and export rose by 14.8 and 15.8 percent respectively.
50 percent of Italians to reduce Christmas spending due to fear
about future
This year will be a Christmas of thrift with 50 percent of Italians spending
even less than in 2009, according to a poll issued on Tuesday by leading
retailer association Confesercenti.
British gov't unveils plans to cut non-EU student numbers by up
to 120,000
The British government announced plans on Tuesday to limit the number of foreign
students studying in the country.
Chinese students excel in reading literacy: OECD
Young Chinese students in Shanghai, a partner city in the education assessment
program of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD),
excelled its members in reading literacy with the highest mean score, according
to a report released by the Paris-based organization on Tuesday.
Urgent: U.S. stocks end flat after touching fresh 2-year high
U.S. stocks ended flat on Tuesday after Standard &amp; Poor's 500 touched a
fresh two-year high in earlier trading, as President Barack Obama's announcement
of extending the Bush-era tax cuts lifted the market.
New York public pension costs to balloon in next five years
The tax-funded annual contributions to public pensions in New York State will
rise by billions of dollars in the next five years, the Empire Center for New
York State Policy said in a report on Tuesday.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as euro, yen slip
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Tuesday as the dollar gained against the euro and the yen, but slipped
against the pound.
British plan for U-turn on prisons policy
The British government announced plans on Tuesday to cut the number of prison
places, and to make sentences carried out in the community more robust, in a bid
to improve the re-offending rate among criminals and to save money against a
background of large budget cuts.
Urgent: UN climate change conference enters high-level stage
The United Nations climate change conference enters high-level stage on Tuesday
in Cancun, a resort city on Mexico's Caribbean coast, with disputes over the
extension of the Kyoto Protocol beyond 2012 still unresolved.
Boeing delivers 3 more F-15K Slam Eagles to S. Korea
Boeing on Nov. 8 delivered three F- 15K Slam Eagles to the Republic of Korea Air
Force (ROKAF) at Daegu Air Base in South Korea, Boeing said in a press release
Tuesday.
U.S. consumer credit posts modest gain in October
U.S. consumer credit increased nearly 2 percent in October,a fresh sign of the
ongoing economic recovery in the world's largest economy, the Federal Reserve's
Tuesday report showed.
OECD report finds girls outdo boys in reading
The latest educational assessment report released by the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) on Tuesday showed that girls outdo
boys in reading literacy in all economies surveyed by the organization in 2009.
Over 3.5 mln Italians live in areas at risk of mudslides, floods:
report
Roughly 3.5 million Italians live and work in areas at risk of mudslides and
floods, according to the survey "Eco-system risks 2010" issued on Tuesday by the
Civil Protection Unit and the environmental lobby Legambiente.
Barca beat Ruben Kazan 2-0 in Champions League
A Barcelona side packed with youngsters scored two second half goals to defeat
Ruben Kazan 2-0 in the last game of the group stage of the Champions League.
Laptops running Chrome OS to go on sale in mid-2011: Google
Google on Tuesday announced that laptops running its Chrome operating system
will go on sale in the middle of next year, in a challenge to Microsoft's
Windows and Apple's Macintosh.
Bremen stun Inter Milan 3-0 at Champions League
Struggling German Bundesliga club Bremen staged a stunning performance at their
last appearance at Europe's premier competition when they defeated the defending
UEFA Champions League champions Inter Milan on Tuesday.
1st LD: UN climate change conference enters high-level stage
The United Nations climate change conference enters high-level stage on Tuesday
in Cancun, a resort city on Mexico's Caribbean coast, with disputes over the
extension of the Kyoto Protocol beyond 2012 still unresolved.
U.S. state Texas destroys record number of marijuana plants in
2010
Law enforcement officials in the U. S. state of Texas have destroyed a record
number of marijuana plants for the second straight year, authorities said
Tuesday.
Chicago wheat drops from 4-month high as Australia lifts crop
prediction
Chicago Wheat futures on Tuesday tumbled from a 4-month high as the Australian
government raised the prospect of wheat production this year. Meanwhile, corn
and soybeans suffered the second straight drop amid intensive rains in South
America.
Canadian stocks fall as gold retreats
Canadian stocks fell on Tuesday as gold retreated. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite
Index closed down 25.34 points, or 0.19 percent, at 13,276.01.
Urgent: UN Security Council to meet again on Cote d'Ivoire
Members of the UN Security Council "are eager to speak with one voice" on the
political standoff in the post-election Cote d'Ivoire, and the 15-nation Council
will meet again on the current situation in the West African country, Susan
Rice, the U.S. UN ambassador told reporters here Tuesday.
FA Cup third round draw
Following are the revised draw for the third round of the English FA Cup after
Tuesday's replays:
1st Ld: UN Security Council to meet again on Cote d'Ivoire
Members of the UN Security Council "are eager to speak with one voice" on the
political standoff in the post-election Cote d'Ivoire, and the 15-nation Council
will meet again on the current situation in the West African country, Susan
Rice, the U.S. UN ambassador, told reporters here.
2nd LD Writethru: UN climate change conference enters high-level
stage
The United Nations climate change conference entered the high-level stage on
Tuesday in Cancun, a resort city on Mexico's Caribbean coast, with disputes over
the extension of the Kyoto Protocol beyond 2012 still unresolved.
U.S. Fort Hood shooting suspect undergoes mental exams
A three-member military sanity board on Tuesday began mental exams on a military
psychiatrist accused in the deadly 2009 shooting at U.S. army post in Fort Hood,
the U.S. state of Texas.  The mental evaluation began Tuesday morning and has
lasted most of the day at the Justice Complex in Bell county, Texas, according
to a local TV channel KCEN-TV.  John Galligan, the attorney for alleged Fort
Hood shooter Nidal Hasan, said Monday that the three-member board will determine
if his client is competent to stand trial and his mental statue on the day of
the shooting spree at the army post in central Texas.
2nd LD Writethru: UN Security Council to meet again on Cote
d'Ivoire
Members of the UN Security Council "are eager to speak with one voice" on the
political standoff in the post-election Cote d'Ivoire, and the 15-nation Council
will meet again on Wednesday on the current situation in the West African
country, Susan Rice, the U.S. UN ambassador told reporters here.
U.S. to give up push for Israel's settlements freeze: spokesman
The United States on Tuesday indicated that it will give up effort to push
Israel to extend its moratorium on West Bank settlement activities, being
convinced that this tactic will not work.
Huge challenges remain as UN mission departs Chad, Central
African Republic: Ban
With the United Nations mission in Chad and Central African Republic (CAR)
wrapping up by the end of the year, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Tuesday
warned that the humanitarian challenges are immense and some security issues
give rise to concern.
Agencies in Texas, U.S. asked to cut spending due to huge revenue
shortfall
Leaders in the U.S. state of Texas on Tuesday asked agencies in the state to
find savings of 2.5 percent in their current-year budgets because of the multi-
billion- dollar shortfall in the state's revenue.   The state is expected to
have a revenue shortfall of more than 20 billion U.S. dollars in its next two-
year budget, according to local media report.
Turkmenistan may charge different gas rates for TAPI partners:
report
Turkmenistan may charge different rates for gas delivered to other members of
the Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India (TAPI) pipeline, Interfax
reported Tuesday.
3rd LD Writethru: Iran neclear negotiator says no discussion of
Iran's nuclear rights,  agree to further talks
Major world powers and Iran have agreed to hold another round of nuclear talks
early next year, with Iran's chief negotiator saying it would provide an
opportunity "to find common ground."
Customs Union helps boost Kazakh exports: president
Kazakhstan's export to Russia and Belarus had increased significantly since the
establishment of the Customs Union (CU) in January 2010, Kazakhstan President
Nursultan Nazarbayev said Tuesday.
Leading artists lined up for London 2012 Festival
Leading artists from around the world will come together to help celebrate the
London 2012 Olympics in a wide range of art forms, with the first group of
commissions announced Tuesday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 7
Founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange said at a London court on Tuesday that he
will fight against extraditing him to Sweden over sexual assault claims.
Xinhua world news summary at 0000 GMT, Dec. 8
The United Nations climate change conference entered the high-level stage on
Tuesday in Cancun, a resort city on Mexico's Caribbean coast, with disputes over
the extension of the Kyoto Protocol beyond 2012 still unresolved.
Urgent: Cave-in in central DR Congo mine kills 20
`KINSHASA, Dec. 7 (Xinhua) -- About 20 miners were killed in a mine collapse in
central Democratic Republic of Congo, the local government said on Tuesday.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's three major stock markets closed mixed on Tuesday.
Denmark okays new law to promote clean-energy vehicles
The Danish Ministry of Environment adopted a law Tuesday obliging public
institutions and certain private companies to buy environmentally-friendly
vehicles.
3rd LD Writethru: UN Security Council to meet again on Cote
d'Ivoire
Members of the UN Security Council "are eager to speak with one voice" on the
political standoff in the post-election Cote d'Ivoire, and the 15-nation Council
will meet again on Wednesday on the current situation in the West African
country, Susan Rice, the U.S. UN ambassador who holds the rotating Council
presidency for December, said here Tuesday.
3rd LD Writethru: ECOWAS suspends Cote d'Ivoire membership over
election dispute
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) suspended Cote d'Ivoire
from the regional bloc over the country's electoral dispute on Tuesday and
recognized Alassane Ouattara as the winner of Cote d'Ivoire's presidential run-
off.
DR Congo mine collapse kills 20
About 20 miners were killed when a tin mine collapsed in the central Democratic
Republic of Congo, the local government said Tuesday.
U.S. stocks end flat after touching fresh 2-year high
U.S. stocks ended flat on Tuesday after Standard &amp; Poor's 500 touched a
fresh two-year high in earlier trading, as President Barack Obama's announcement
of extending the Bush-era tax cuts lifted the market.
Panamanian dam reaches maximum water level
The Bayano dam, just east of Panama City, is at its maximum capacity due to
intense rainfalls, director of the National System of Civil Protection
(Sinaproc) Arturo Alvarado said on Tuesday.
Peasants demand concrete agreements in Cancun
Thousands of peasants led by the international movement, Via Campesina,
protested on Tuesday in Cancun, Quintana Roo, demanding "concrete agreements" at
the 16th Conference of the Parties on Climate Change (COP16), a Xinhua
eyewitness reported.
Costa Rica urges OAS to act on conflict with Nicaragua
Costa Rican Foreign Minister Rene Castro on Tuesday urges the Organization of
American States (OAS) to act on demanding the removal of Nicaraguan troops from
the border region between the two countries.
Chilean president promises to launch delayed reforms
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera announced on Tuesday that his administration
would launch pending structural reforms.
Los Angeles moves to woo film producers
The Los Angeles City Council on Tuesday unanimously approved an ordinance aimed
at wooing small- and medium-sized studios.
Demand for credit in Brazil up 16 pct in 2010
The demand for credit in Brazil increased 16.1 percent in the first 11 months of
2010 compared with the same period last year, consulting company Serasa Experian
announced on Tuesday.
Brazilian president promises to change oil royalties'
distribution
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Tuesday he would submit
another bill to the Congress to change the distribution of oil revenues in the
country.
Brazil improves in student assessment ratings, but grades remain
low
Brazil showed improvement in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development's (OECD) Program for International Student Assessment (PISA)
ratings, but its ranking remained very low.
Business owners more optimistic about U.S. economy: study
A majority of business owners have a more possitive view about the U.S. economy
than lenders, according to a study released on Tuesday.
Honduras, EU sign economic agreement on public finance, aid
Honduras and the European Union (EU) Tuesday signed an economic agreement worth
60.5 million euros (80.4 million U.S. dollars) to improve the Central American
country's budget.
Argentina announces super large gas discovery
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez Tuesday announced the discovery of an
unconventional gas deposit in Neuquen, some 1,150 km southwest of Buenos Aires.
Urgent: Haiti to hold presidential runoff between Celestin,
Manigat
Haiti will hold a presidential runoff pitting ruling party candidate Jude
Celestin against former first lady Mirlande Manigat, the Provisional Electoral
Council said on Tuesday.
Yearender: Is Obama's Afghanistan strategy working?
by Xinhua Writer Wang Fengfeng
UN climate chief calls for unity in climate talks
Christiana Figueres, the executive secretary of the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), Tuesday called for all signatories'
"reconciliation" to reach concrete agreements to combat climate change.
S. America, C. Asia at risk from glacier melt: UN
Central Asia, Chile, Argentina and Peru may suffer drinking water shortages due
to faster melting glaciers, the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) said
in a Tuesday report.
Colombian president expresses sorrow over landslide deaths
BELLO, Colombia, Dec. 7 (Xinhua)-- Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos
expressed his sorrow Tuesday over the 30 deaths caused by a landslide in Bello,
Antioquia, in the country's northeast.
Chile stresses stronger cooperation with China
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera said on Tuesday that Chile is interested in
strengthening cooperation and bilateral relations with China.
World Bank to help developing countries respond to climate change
The World Bank said on Tuesday that it will launch a new multi-million-U.S.
dollar fund to help developing countries respond to the challenges of climate
change.
Roundup: Obama says tax cuts compromise conducive to Americans,
economy
by Xinhua Writer Jiang Xufeng
Guatemala calls for "life-saving" climate deal
Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom on Tuesday called on nations at the UN climate
change conference to think of the agreements as saving lives, not reducing
emissions, in order to speed agreement.
5.8-magnitude quake hits east of South Sandwich Islands
An earthquake measuring 5.8 on the Richter scale jolted east of the South
Sandwich Islands in the southern Atlantic Ocean on Tuesday, the U.S. Geological
Survey reported.
News Analysis: With tax deal, is Obama changing governing style?
by Xinhua Writer Du Jing
China strives to reach emission goal: head of Chinese delegation
China is trying to reach its emission reduction goal, said the head of the
Chinese delegation at the ongoing UN climate change conference here on Monday.
30 recordings added to Grammy Hall of Fame
Jackson 5's hit "I'll Be There," Prince &amp; The Revolution's 1984 album
"Purple Rain," as well as "Schumann: Carnaval Op.9" composed by Russian composer
Sergei Rachmaninoff were among the 30 recordings named as inductees into the
Grammy Hall Of Fame on Tuesday.
Roundup: Raul Castro calls on Cubans to "openly discuss"
economic reforms
Cuban leader Raul Castro has encouraged Cubans to "openly discuss without worry
or concern" their opinions on the "upgrade of the national economy."
News Analysis: White house pushes piece of immigration reform
by Matthew Rusling
Wal-Mart gender-bias lawsuit goes to U.S. supreme court
The U.S. Supreme Court said Monday it will decide whether a sex-discrimination
class-action lawsuit against Wal-Mart Stores Inc. can proceed.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 8
U.S. President Barack Obama Tuesday defended his stance that a compromise on
extending the soon-to-expire Bush-era tax cuts was conducive to Americans and
the U.S. economy, while experts believe this framework has its shortcomings and
the debate would continue.
Inflation in Georgia reaches 26-month high in November
The annual inflation rate in Georgia rose to 10.5 percent in November, the
highest in 26 months, the country's statistical office (GeoStat) reported.
Haiti to hold presidential runoff between Celestin, Manigat
Haiti will hold a presidential runoff pitting ruling party candidate Jude
Celestin against former first lady Mirlande Manigat, the Provisional Electoral
Council said on Tuesday.
Bloomberg proposes election law changes to boost voter turnout
New York city mayor Michael Bloomberg on Monday proposed a package of changes to
the state election laws to attract more voters in general elections.
Schwarzenegger calls for special legislature session to address
budget deficit
Grappling with a huge budget deficit, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger
called legislature into a special session on Monday to address the issue.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 7
Four soldiers were wounded in an ambush by southern militants in Rueso district
of southern Narathiwat province on Tuesday morning.
German stocks open higher
German stocks opened higher Tuesday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Carrie Underwood sweeps inaugural American Country Awards
Pop idol Carrie Underwood became the top winner at the inaugural American
Country Awards held Monday evening in Las Vegas, Nevada, walking away with six
awards including the ever-important artist of the year.
London stock market rises in early trading
London stock market rose in opening on Tuesday, with the leading FTSE 100 index
up 16.67 points at 5,786.95 points in early trading.
DPRK actively develops river snail agriculture
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) has developed river snail
agriculture this year and has made outstanding achievements, the official Rodong
Sinmun newspaper reported Tuesday.
BASIC nations say three issues nonnegotiable at Cancun climate
talks
The so-called BASIC countries -- Brazil, South Africa, India and China -- said
Monday that they would not support a deal until a second commitment period for
the Kyoto Protocol had been settled, a fast-track climate change fund had been
materialized and a basic agreement had been reached on technology transfer.
India disappointed with U.S. climate change funding offer
India is pleased that the United States is back in the ongoing climate change
talks but disappointed with the offer the nation is investing in the fast track
fund, Indian Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh said Monday.
China displays low-carbon efforts at special event in Cancun
China on Sunday presented to the world its low-carbon strategies and practices
at the China Day event on the sidelines of the ongoing UN climate change
conference.
WikiLeaks founder Assange arrested in Britain
Founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange was arrested by British police on Tuesday
over sexual assault claims in Sweden.
DPRK media stress peaceful way to achieve unification
The unification of the Korean Peninsula should be achieved in a peaceful way,
the official Rodong Sinmun newspaper of the Democratic People's Republic of
Korea (DPRK) said in a commentary on Tuesday.
Air France KLM records traffic growth in November
Traffic of France's major airline Air France-KLM recorded a jump in November
thanks to boosted performance of cargo activity, the company said on Tuesday.
Urgent: Next round of Iran nuclear talks expected in January 2011
in Istanbul
The next round of talks on Iran's nuclear issue is expected to be held in late
January, 2011, in Istanbul, officials said here on Tuesday.
Canada sets protection area at eastern entrance to Northwest
Passage
Marine life at the eastern gate to the Northwest Passage, the legendary corridor
through Canada's Arctic archipelago, will be protected by Canada, despite claims
that the area is an international waterway, Environment Minister John Baird said
Monday.
News Analysis: China shows responsible image in Cancun
By Xinhua writers Liu Lili, Ren Haijun, Wang Yujue
Feature: Top Chinese chef crowned in Vancouver
by Al Campbell
1st LD: WikiLeaks founder Assange arrested in Britain
Founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange was arrested by British police on Tuesday
over sexual assault claims in Sweden.
1st LD: Next round of Iran nuclear talks to be held next January
in Istanbul
The next round of Iran nuclear talks will be held in late January, 2011, in
Istanbul, European Union (EU) foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton announced
here Tuesday after the Iranian nuclear talks.
Egyptian FM vows to prevent further shark attacks on tourists
Egyptian authorities were taking all necessary measures to prevent shark attacks
on tourists in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, Foreign Minister Ahmed Ali
Aboul Gheit said during a visit here Tuesday.
Hungarian PM vows to contribute to EU during presidency
Visiting Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said here Tuesday his country
would strive to make a contribution to the European Union after it took over the
bloc's presidency next month.
EU finance ministers endorse aid package to Ireland
European Union (EU) finance ministers Tuesday formally endorsed the 85-billion-
euro (113 billion U.S. dollars)  aid package to Ireland and a recommendation
setting out the conditions attached to the package.
London stock market up by midday
The London stock market rose by midday on Tuesday with the leading FTSE 100
index up 74.42 points, or 1.3 percent, at 5,844.70 points at noon.
Investigation on Russia's failed launch to be completed by Dec.
17
The investigation on the failed launch of three Glonass-M navigation satellites
on Dec. 5 will be completed before Dec. 17, authorities from the Russian Space
Agency (Roscosmos) said on Tuesday.
Georgia rounds in 6 serial bombing suspects
The Georgian Interior Ministry on Tuesday announced that it had rounded up six
people suspected of preparing and carrying out a series of bombing attacks in
the Georgian capital city of Tbilisi between September and November.
Four militants killed on Chechen-Ingush border
Four insurgents were killed in a security operation conducted by Russia's
internal troops on the border between the North Caucasus republics of Chechnya
and Ingushetia, local media reported on Tuesday.
IMF to help Greece exit the economic crisis, says IMF head
The aim of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) is to assist Greece exit an
acute debt crisis, said IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn on Monday
during a meeting with Greek President Karolos Papoulias here.
Urgent: No other agreement reached apart from future talks:
Iranian nuclear negotiator
The only agreement reached by all sides is to hold further talks in Istanbul in
January 2011, a gathering that provides opportunity for "talks in cooperation to
find common grounds," Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili said at a
press conference after the Geneva nuclear talks.
Armenia observes Spitak earthquake anniversary
Armenia on Tuesday observed the 22nd anniversary of the Spitak earthquake that
claimed the lives of at least 25,000 people and left 140,000 people disabled,
news reaching here said.
Georgian Foreign Ministry protests against deployment of Russian-
made rocket launchers  in S. Ossetia
The Georgian Foreign Ministry on Tuesday protested against the deployment in
South Ossetia Russian-made multiple rocket launching system, Smerch.
Britain pledges long term partnership with Afghanistan
Britain pledged a long-term partnership with Afghanistan after British troops
withdrew the country, according to the official website of Prime Minister's
office on Tuesday.
Ukraine receives Russian gas transit volume guarantee
Ukraine had received a long-awaited guarantee from Russia on the volume of
natural gas for transit in the medium-term, Ukraine fuel and energy minister
Yuriy Boiko said here Tuesday.
Spainish strike could cost tourism 300 mln euros
The wildcat strike by air-traffic controllers in Spain could cost the country's
tourism industry over 300 million euros (400 million U.S. dollars).
Georgian president gives written pledge to non-use of force
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili had pledged in writing to avoid the use
of power in addressing regional issues, a presidential spokesperson said
Tuesday.
2nd LD: Iran, world powers agree to another round of nuclear
talks
Major world powers and Iran agreed to hold another round of nuclear talks early
next year, European Union (EU) foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton said here
Tuesday after meeting Iran's chief negotiator in a resumption of the process.
Canada supports Copenhagen accord but with own emissions
standards
Canada had not changed its position of backing the Copenhagen accord, though it
had its own greenhouse gas emission standards, a senior official said Monday.
WikiLeaks founder to fight extradition to Sweden
Founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange said at a London court on Tuesday that he
will fight against extraditing him to Sweden over sexual assault claims.
France arrests PKK members on terrorism ties
French police arrested on Tuesday six members of the outlawed Kurdish Workers'
Party (PKK) in Marseille, south France on charges of terrorism affairs, local
media reported.
Russia, U.S. to expand nuclear power cooperation
Russia may boost nuclear power cooperation with the United States to meet the
need for medium- energy reactors in developing countries, authorities from the
state-controlled Rosatom nuclear corporation said Tuesday.
Bank of Canada maintains benchmark interest rate at 1 percent
The Bank of Canada, Canada's central bank, announced on Tuesday it is
maintaining its target for the overnight rate at 1 percent.
Wall Street up after Obama announces tax cut extension
U.S. stocks rose in early trading on Tuesday after President Barack Obama
announced plans to extend the Bush-era tax cuts.
More unions join Finnair cabin crew strike
Several Finnish workers' unions announced their backing for the ongoing Finnair
cabin crew strike Tuesday, causing more troubles for the Finnish airline's
operations.
Belarus could face same problems as Greece, Ireland: bank chief
National Bank of Belarus Chairman Pyotr Prokopovich warned Tuesday the country's
economy could face the same problems as Greece and Ireland.
Leading artists head up first commissions for the London 2012
Festival
Leading artists from all over the world will come together for a chance for
everyone to celebrate London 2012 through dance, music, theatre, the visual
arts, film and digital innovation while the first group of commissions and
special projects for the London 2012 Festival were announced on Tuesday.
Real Madrid to use squad players against Auxerre
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho will watch from the stands as his side plays its
final game of the group stage of the Champions League this Wednesday.
Inter beaten 3-0 by Bremen to finish second in group of Champions
League
Inter Milan missed out on the top spot of Group A in the European Champions
League as they were humbled 3-0 away to Werder Bremen on Tuesday in the final
group contentions.
Investigators raid Ghana Football Association
Investigators from the Economic and Organized Crimes Office (EOCO) raided the
offices of Ghana Football Association (GFA) here on Tuesday to enforce a high
court search warrant.
Panamanian seeks to win featherweight championship
Panamanian boxer Celestino "Pelenchin" Caballero looks forward to winning the
featherweight championship of the World Boxing Association (WBA), in which he
will have to fight Argentine Jonathan "Joni" Barros, Caballero's manager Rogelio
Espino said on Tuesday.
FC Copenhagen through to top 16
FC Copenhagen beat Panathinaikos 3-1 on Tuesday to clinch second spot in Group D
and became the first Danish team to advance to the knockout stage of the
Champions League.
IOC and UNHCR team up to help young refugees in Namibia
As part of its initiatives to promote sport as an agent for social change, the
International Olympic Committee (IOC) teamed up with the Office of the United
Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) this week to launch an ambitious
three-year Sport and Education program for young people in the Osire refugee
settlement in Namibia.
Saudi and Qatari champions to renew rivalry in 2011 AFC Champions
League
Saudi giants Al Hilal and Qatar Stars League winners Al Gharafa were drawn
together in Group A of the 2011 AFC Champions League, setting up a repeat of
their historic two-legged quarterfinal in September which Hilal won 5-4 on
aggregate.
Barcelona trio nominated for FIFA award
Barcelona players Andres Iniesta, Xavi and Lionel Messi have been nominated for
the FIFA Ballon d'Or award for the world player of 2010.
Results of 2010-2011 NHL on Dec. 6
Following are the results of 2010-2011 National Hockey League (NHL) games on
Monday (home team in CAPS):
England won 1-0 against Australia in second Ashes Test
England Cricket Team on Tuesday take a crucial 1-0 lead over Australia in the
final day of second Ashes Test series at Adelaide.
Zambia to face Kuwait in international friendly
Zambia will face Kuwait in an international friendly at the end of this month in
Egypt as part of preparations for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier
against Mozambique, the Zambia Daily Mail reported on Tuesday.
Chinese firm to dress Zambian athletes
Athletic authorities in Zambia have signed a deal for a kit sponsorship with
Pano Sports International Media Company of China, the Zambia Daily Mail reported
on Tuesday.
Former Houston Rocket player Harris aplogizes to Chinese club
Mike Harris, who was released by Houston Rocket in October, apologized on
Tuesday to China's Zhejiang Chouzhou Commercial Bank Club for his breach of the
contract.
Indonesia to face Thailand in soccer match
Indonesia's national soccer team will face its Thai opponent in a preliminary
round of Group A at the Suzuki Cup-ASEAN Football Federation (AAF) 2010 on
Tuesday evening at the Sport Arena of Bung Karno Stadium, Kompas.com online news
reported here.
Asiad gold medalist to kindle Pakistan's 31st National Games
torch
Pakistan's top squash player Aamir Atlas, the gold medal winner for Pakistan in
the Guangzhou Asian Games, will kindle the torch of the 31st National Games
scheduled from Dec. 25 to 31, Pakistan's Olympic Association sources said.
(China Sports) Italian Super Cup to be held in China on August 6
Next year's Italian Super Cup will take place in China and Beijing's Olympic
Stadium, the Bird Nest, will be the first- choice venue, promoters said here on
Tuesday.
Chinese vice premier calls for efforts to quicken economic growth
pattern shift
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang said Tuesday that more efforts should be made to
boost the quality and efficiency of China's economic growth and enable all
people to enjoy the fruits of the country's reform and opening-up.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 7
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 7:
China to carry out more international cooperation on anti-
corruption measures
China said on Tuesday it would fulfill its obligations to the UN Convention
Against Corruption.
9 dead or missing in central China's coal mine accident
Six people died while three others remained missing after a coal mine accident
trapped 29 miners in central China's Henan Province Tuesday, local publicity
officials cited a preliminary report as saying.
China's CPI expected to hit 3.2 pct in 2010: gov't think tank
China's consumer price index (CPI), a major gauge of inflation, is expected to
rise 3.2 pct in 2010, a leading government think tank reported on Tuesday.
Senior Chinese leader calls for revitalization of Peking Opera
A senior leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Tuesday encouraged Peking
opera troupes to produce more superior pieces to revitalize that art.
1st Ld-Writethru: 9 dead or missing in central China's coal mine
accident
Six people died while three others remained missing after a coal mine accident
trapped at least 29 miners in central China's Henan Province Tuesday, local
publicity officials said.
13 dead in central China's coal mine accident
Thirteen people were confirmed dead after a gas explosion at a coal mine in
central China's Henan Province, the local work safety chief said Wednesday.
China's yuan weakens to 6.6616 per USD Wednesday
The value of yuan weakened as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6616 per U.S. dollar Wednesday, compared with Tuesday's
6.6565, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
Backgrounder: The development of China's high-speed rail network
China's high-speed rail network has been developing quickly over the past years,
with a combined length totaling 7,531 kilometers, the world's longest, announced
Chinese Railways Minister Liu Zhijun in Beijing Tuesday.
Chinese prosecutors approve arrest of official for drunk-driving
killing five teens
County prosecutors in central China's Henan Province have approved the arrest of
an official after he killed five teenagers while driving drunk Sunday night,
said local authorities Tuesday.
ChiNext Index opens slightly lower Wednesday
ChiNext stocks declined 0.77 points to open at 1,160.92 points Wednesday.
Chinese firm starts producing unmanned helicopters
A private Chinese firm has started producing unmanned helicopters for civilian
use.
China stock index futures open lower Wednesday
China's stock index futures opened lower Wednesday. The contract for settlement
in December, the most actively traded, opened 21.8 points lower at 3,200.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.57 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 131.50 points, or 0.57 percent, to close Tuesday's
morning session at 23,369.19 points.
Death toll rises to 26 in central China coal mine gas blast
The death toll in a gas explosion in a coal mine shaft has risen to 26 in
central China's Henan Province, local rescue headquarters said Wednesday.
Feature: Free screening, perhaps treatments too, to reduce cancer
deaths of rural  Chinese women
Qiu Yanping's husband puts one of his ears on her belly, hearing their baby's
heartbeat - smooth and rhythmic, a sound from nature.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 180 HK dollars to open at 12,968 HK
dollars per tael Wednesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
Hong Kong Customs seizes three kilograms of ketamine
Hong Kong Customs Tuesday announced that about three kilograms of ketamine worth
0.33 million HK dollars (about 42,509 U.S. dollars) were seized at the Lo Wu
Control Point.
Four killed in coal mine tunnel collapse in northeast China
province
Four miners have been confirmed dead, after a coal mine tunnel collapsed Tuesday
afternoon in northeast China's Liaoning Province, the local authorities said
Wednesday.
China, Mongolia pledge closer military ties
Chinese National Defense Minister Liang Guanglie met with his Mongolian
counterpart Bold Luvsanvandan in Beijing Tuesday, both pledging to enhance
military ties between the two nations.
Explosion occurs at pesticide factory in east China; casualty
unknown
An explosion occurred at a pesticide factory in Liaocheng City, east China's
Shandong Province, Wednesday morning, local authorities said.
Guards required at schools, kindergartens in Xinjiang
Schools and kindergartens in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region
will have to hire guards to ensure campus safety, regional authorities said
Tuesday.
China's draft vehicle tax bill receives extensive comments from
public
China's top legislature has received over 97,000 comments from the public on the
draft law on vehicle and vessel taxation, one month after it released the full
draft and invited opinions.
China improves well-being of people with disabilities
People with disabilities across China have received more income and better
social welfare as well as public and rehabilitation services over the past five
years, said the vice president of the China Disabled Persons' Federation (CDPF)
Tuesday.
Hong Kong stocks open lower -- Dec. 8
Hong Kong stocks moved down 65.49 points, or 0.28 percent, to open at 23,362.66
Wednesday.
China stocks close up Tuesday
Chinese shares closed up Tuesday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up
0.65 percent to close at 2,875.86, up 18.68 points.
China's stocks close mixed at midday
China's stocks closed mixed in the morning session Wednesday with the benchmark
Shanghai Composite Index down 0.48 percent, or 13.81 points, to 2,862.05, while
the Shenzhen Component Index closed at 12,698.17, up 41.17 points, or 0.33
percent at midday.
Asia's first AIDS conference on MSM, transgender populations held
in Hong Kong
Some 140 experts working on the AIDS front met in Hong Kong on Tuesday in a
three-day meeting to discuss the prevention of Human Immunodeficiency Virus
(HIV) infections among men who have sex with men (MSM) and how to enhance the
efforts in the treatment, care and support.
Shanghai stock indices close up-- Dec. 7
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,875.86 Tuesday, up 18.68 points, or 0.65 percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices close up -- Dec. 7
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed up Tuesday to
end at 12,657 points, up 234.21 points, or 1.89 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec.7
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,200.34 points Tuesday, up 34.77 points, or 1.1
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 7
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, rose
27.31 points, or 2.41 percent, to close at 1,161.69 on Tuesday.
China stock index futures close up -- Dec. 7
China's stock index futures closed higher Tuesday with the contract for
December, the most actively traded, up 1.49 percent from the previous trading
day to end at 3,221.8 points.
China hopes to set new high-speed train record next year
China aims to break the world high- speed rail record in a trial run next year,
Chinese manufacturing sources said here Tuesday.
1st LD-Writethru: China improves well-being of people with
disabilities
People with disabilities across China have received more income and better
social welfare as well as public and rehabilitation services over the past five
years, said the vice president of the China Disabled Persons' Federation (CDPF)
Tuesday.
Tsingtao Brewery takes over major Chinese brewery
Tsingtao Brewery, producer of China's most famous beer, Tsingtao Beer, said
Tuesday it has agreed to buy a beer brewery in Shandong, in what will be the
company's third takeover in two years.
China has backing of 100 countries, organizations on Nobel Peace
Prize: Foreign Ministry
More than 100 countries and organizations have expressed support for China's
stance on this year's Nobel Peace Prize, which was awarded to convicted Chinese
criminal Liu Xiaobo, a Chinese Foreign Ministry official said Tuesday.
International foundation to help conserve large crane habitat in
China
The International Crane Foundation (ICF) is to conduct a 5-year crane
conservation program at China's largest freshwater lake, said ICF vice chairman
James T. Harris Tuesday.
Hong Kong stocks close 0.82 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 190.46 points, or 0.82 percent, at 23,428.15 on
Tuesday.
1st LD Writethru: Chinese shares close up Tuesday, led by
nonferrous metals stocks
Chinese shares closed higher Tuesday despite media reports of a possible
interest rate hike by the central bank ahead of CPI figures to be released next
week.
China Focus: Chinese NGO helps promote country's low-carbon drive
Cheng Jiazhong and his colleagues aim to do something never done before in
China, calculate the daily carbon emissions of ordinary Chinese households.
Chinese vice premier urges intensified flood control, anti-
drought efforts
Chinese Vice Premier Hui Liangyu Tuesday urged governments at all levels to
consolidate their capabilities in dealing with flood and drought disasters.
1st LD Writethru: China has backing of more than 100 countries,
organizations on  Nobel Peace Prize
More than 100 countries and international organizations have expressed support
for China's stance on this year's Nobel Peace Prize, which will be awarded to
convicted Chinese criminal Liu Xiaobo, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson
Jiang Yu said Tuesday.
Chinese vice premier to attend China-U.S. Joint Commission on
Commerce and Trade
The 21st China-U.S. Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT) is to be held
in Washington from Dec. 14 to 15, said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman
Jiang Yu on Tuesday.
Cambodian Prime Minister to visit China
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen will pay an official visit to China from Dec.
13 to Dec.17 at the invitation of Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close 0.82 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 190.46 points, or 0.82 percent, at 23,428.15 on
Tuesday.
Taiwan stocks close flat
Taiwan's share prices rose on Tuesday with the weighted index slightly up 2.16
points, or 0.02 percent, to close at 8,704.39, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
China urges governments to support emergency six-party talks
China on Tuesday reiterated the importance and urgency of resuming the six-party
talks on the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue, urging the parties to support
China's proposal for emergency consultations among chief negotiators.
Hong Kong holds 226.1 bln USD foreign currency reserve assets
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority Tuesday announced that the official foreign
currency reserve assets of Hong Kong amounted to 266.1 billion U.S. dollars at
the end of November 2010.
2 dead, 6 missing in vessel collision in Hong Kong
Hong Kong Director of Marine Tuesday ordered an investigation into the collision
of a sand barge and a container vessel early Tuesday morning, which left two
barge crew dead and six missing.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 7
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 7:
China Cultural and Archaeological News in Brief: ancient ruins,
rock paintings, snow  sculpture expo
The following are some of China's cultural and archaeological news items in
brief:
Senior Chinese commander praises model troops for disaster relief
efforts
A senior Chinese military official Tuesday praised the country's troops for
their relief work in regions hit by natural disasters and called on the armed
forces to promote the virtues and deeds of model personnel.
China, Alstom sign strategic cooperation agreement
China's Ministry of Railway (MOR) and French rail and power generation company,
Alstom, Tuesday signed a long-term strategic cooperation agreement in Beijing.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index up 0.92 pct -- Dec. 7
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange gained
117.47 points, or 0. 92 percent, to close at 12,922.24 on Tuesday.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong -- Dec. 7
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 75 HK dollars to close at 13,148 HK dollars
per tael on Tuesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Chinese, Philippine militaries vow to jointly safeguard stability
A senior Chinese military official said Tuesday that China was willing to work
with the Philippines military on safeguarding regional peace and stability.
2nd LD-Writethru: China has backing of more than 100 countries,
organizations on  Nobel Peace Prize
More than 100 countries and international organizations have expressed support
for China's stance on this year's Nobel Peace Prize, which will be awarded to
convicted Chinese criminal Liu Xiaobo, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson
Jiang Yu said Tuesday.
One stabbed to death in China's campus knife attack
A knife-wielding man killed one student and seriously wounded another as they
slept in a university dormitory in northwest China early Tuesday.
Animals Asia Foundation honored for rescuing moon bears in China
The Animals Asia Foundation (AAF), based in southwest China's Sichuan Province,
was honored Tuesday for rescuing 277 moon bears from bile farms.
HK's port cargo throughput up 5 pct in Q3
Hong Kong's total port cargo throughput rose to 67.8 million tons in the third
quarter, up 5 percent over a year earlier, the city's Census and Statistics
Department announced Tuesday.
Chinese economy expected to grow by 10 pct in 2011: CASS
China's gross domestic product (GDP) is expected to grow by around 10 percent in
2011 with effective macroeconomic controls, a leading government think tank
forecast Tuesday.
China sees stronger cooperation with world in 2010: Foreign
Minister
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said Tuesday that 2010 had been marked by
closer links, greater interaction and stronger cooperation between China and the
world.
HK confirms one local cholera case
Hong Kong's Center for Health Protection (CHP) announced Tuesday it has
confirmed a local case of cholera involving a 61-year-old woman, the ninth case
of cholera reported this year.
HK bourse to further enhance market data services
Hong Kong's sole bourse operator HK Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKEx)
announced Tuesday that it will unveil three major initiatives to further improve
its market data services.
China Focus: GE, China's CSR to invest 50 mln USD on high-speed
railways
General Electric Co. (GE) and China's largest rail vehicle maker are to invest
50 million U.S. dollars in a U.S.-based joint venture to make high-speed rail
(HSR) trains.
Urgent: 20 trapped in China's coal mine accident
About 20 people are trapped in a coal mine after an alleged gas leak in central
China's Henan Province Tuesday night, local work safety officials said.
Chinese government think tank warns of "retaliatory" price rise
in 2011
China's housing prices will rise by 15 percent this year, down from 25 percent
in 2009, said a government think tank Tuesday, warning of a "retaliatory price
rebound" in 2011 if the government relaxed measures aimed at cooling the market.
Six fraudsters sentenced for selling fake medicine in NW China
Health agencies in northwest China have broken a ring that illegally sold fake
medicines to elderly people.
Seven handed over to judicial authorities in China deadly
explosion
Seven people have been handed over to judicial authorities for their roles in an
explosion in east China on July 28 that left 22 dead and 120 hospitalized, local
authorities said Tuesday.
Over 4,000 Chinese dead or missing in floods this year: govt
Floods caused by torrential rains and tropical cyclones have left at least 3,222
people killed and 1,003 others missing across China in the first eleven months
of this year, government statistics released Tuesday show.
Chinese national congress of Catholics held in Beijing
The 8th national congress of Chinese Catholics was held here Tuesday.
China's fine art and antiques market sees new auction records set
An ancient traditional Chinese seven- string musical instrument, the Guqin, set
a new world record at an musical instrument auction, selling for 136 million
yuan(about 20 million U.S. Dollars) in Beijing.
Taiwan's exports to mainland, HK reach record high
TAIPEI, Dec. 7 (Xinhua) - Taiwan's exports to the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong
reached a record 104.93 billion U.S. dollars during the first 11 months of this
year, making up nearly 42 percent of its total export value, the island's
economic department said Tuesday.
Chinese Vice Premier urges massive construction of affordable
housing in coming years
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang called for building affordable housing on a
massive scale in the next few years.
1st Ld-Writethru: Over 4,000 Chinese dead or missing in floods
this year: govt
Floods caused by torrential rains and tropical cyclones have left at least 3,222
people killed and 1,003 others missing across China in the first eleven months
of this year, government statistics released Tuesday show.
Chinese drug testing lab gets CAP accreditation
A Beijing-based pharmaceutical testing laboratory is expected to provide Chinese
medicines with greater access to foreign markets after receiving accreditation
from an internationally recognized system.
Seven Iranian pilgrims, one Iraqi citizen wounded in Baghdad bomb
attacks
Seven Iranian Shiite pilgrims and an Iraqi citizen were wounded in two bomb
attacks in Baghdad on Wednesday, an Interior Ministry source said.
Civilian killed, 17 wounded in central Iraq car bombing
A civilian was killed and 17 others were wounded in a car bomb explosion
targeted an Iraqi army patrol in north of Baghdad on Wednesday, an Interior
Ministry source said.
Israeli court decides Hamas lawmaker release, expels him out of
Jerusalem
An Israeli military court decided on Wednesday to release an Islamic Hamas
movement lawmaker from Jerusalem, but decided to expel him out of the city,
officials said.
U.S. to hold separate peace talks with Israel, Palestinians:
official
A senior Palestinian official revealed on Wednesday that the United States
informed the Palestinian leadership that it wants to hold separate peace talks
with Israel and the Palestinians.
Israeli army demolishes 12 West Bank homes, strikes on Gaza
The Israeli army Wednesday demolished 12 Palestinian houses and a school in a
village near the northern West Bank city of Nablus, residents and security
sources said.
Three Palestinians wounded in Israeli shelling in Gaza
An Israeli army shell wounded three Palestinians near Gaza's borders with
Israel, a medical official said Wednesday.
Israel, U.S. to call an end to settlement freeze talks soon
Israel and the United States are expected to announce soon that the negotiations
over an extension of the moratorium on construction in the West Bank has reached
a dead end, a source close to the Israeli government told Xinhua Wednesday.
Hamas: Increasing Gaza's export won't change facts on ground
Islamic Hamas movement on Wednesday said Israel's decision to expand export from
Gaza doesn't change the situation on the ground.
Roundup: Mideast peace in crisis as U.S. halts talks with Israel
on settlement
by Saud Abu Ramadan
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,360 points on
Wednesday, dropping by five points from Monday's finish.
Egypt's stock exchange indices close higher
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,773.66 points on Wednesday, up
0.56 percent from the previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index,
ended 1.42 percent higher at 743.15 points.
Turkey attaches importance to development of economic ties with
Canada
Turkish State Minister for Foreign Trade Zafer Caglayan said Wednesday that
Turkey attaches importance to development of commercial and economic relations
with Canada as well as cooperation in third countries, Turkish media reported.
Israel partially eases Gaza blockade
Israel's security cabinet on Wednesday decided to allow Gaza Strip residents to
export a wider range of goods to the West Bank and overseas, according to a
statement released by the Prime Minister's Office.
Former U.S. diplomat expects official talks with Hamas
A former U.S. diplomat on Wednesday said he expects Washington would start
talking to Hamas and its government which rules the Gaza Strip.
Feature: Hot spring refreshes tourists in Syria
Coming out of the hot mineral- water baths, people stepped out the pools wearing
their cloths and enjoying a refreshing special hot experience.
Iran calls Geneva talks "great victory"
A senior Iranian lawmaker said Wednesday the recent talks with major world
powers in Geneva was a great victory for Iran since Iran did not negotiate the
country's inalienable nuclear rights, the English language satellite Press TV
reported.
Iran raps GCC's claim over disputed islands
Iran's Foreign Ministry Spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast rejected on Wednesday a
Gulf Cooperation Council's (GCC) communique which supports claims by the United
Arab Emirates to three disputed islands, the English language satellite Press TV
reported.
Tel Aviv stock exchange closes lower
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,050.86 points on
Wednesday, down 4. 03 points from Tuesday's close. The turnover was about 1.4
billion shekels (about 376 million U.S. dollars).
Iranian president proposes  G6+1 group
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Wednesday proposed the formation of a
new group dubbed "G6+1" to expand nuclear cooperation between Iran and the six
major world powers, the English language satellite Press TV reported.
Feature: Gaza women embody Palestinian heritage reality
In a humble festival organized on Wednesday in the southern Gaza Strip town of
Khan Younis, Palestinian women embodied scenes of Palestinian heritage that
mimic chapters of their suffering under the Israeli occupation.
Roundup: Scathing Israeli report scorches fire, emergency
services
by Dave Bender
Iran says impounding IRISL ships violates int'l law
The Chairman of the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines (IRISL), Mohammad
Dajmar, said the impoundment of three Iranian vessels in Singapore is a
violation of international law, the local satellite Press TV reported on
Wednesday.
Roundup: Voter registration for south Sudan referendum closes
by Fayez el-Zaki Hassan
Urgent: 2nd Asian Beach Games opens in Muscat
Muscat, Dec. 8 (Xinhua) -- The 2nd Asian Beach Games opened here on Wednesday
evening, with more than 2,000 athletes from 45 Asian countries and regions
participating.
Roundup: Gulf Arab stock markets rise on increasing oil prices
Stock markets in Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi and Qatar rose Wednesday as the barrel
oil rose constantly throughout the week, trading near 90 U.S. dollars per
barrel.
Turkey, Poland mull easing visa requirements
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Wednesday that Turkey and
Poland were considering easing visa requirements between them to facilitate
closer ties.
News Analysis: Egypt's new parliament faces challenges from
opposition
by Omnia Al Desoukie
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 8
A civilian was killed and 17 others were wounded in a car bomb explosion
targeted an Iraqi army patrol in north of Baghdad on Wednesday, an Interior
Ministry source said.
Urgent: Japan's GDP revised upward to 4.5 pct in Q3
The cabinet office said Thursday that Japan's gross domestic product (GDP) grew
a real 4.5 percent on an annualized basis in the third quarter, upwardly
revising the preliminary figure of 3.9 percent growth.
New Zealand Reserve Bank keeps interest rates at 3 percent
New Zealand's Reserve Bank held the Official Cash Rate at 3 percent, in its
latest review on Thursday.
Dollar at lower 84 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 84 yen level early Thursday in Tokyo.
1st LD Writethru: Japan's economic growth revised upward to 4.5
pct in Q3
Japan's economy grew an annualized real 4.5 percent in the July-September
quarter, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of expansion and beating
economists' forecasts, the Cabinet Office said Thursday in a finalized report,
which saw the figure upwardly revised from a 3.9 percent growth.
(Recast) 1st LD Writethru: Japan's economic growth revised upward
to 4.5 pct in Q3
Japan's economy grew an annualized real 4.5 percent in the July-September
quarter, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of expansion and beating
economists' forecasts, the Cabinet Office said Thursday in a finalized report,
which saw the figure upwardly revised from a 3.9 percent growth.
Urgent: South Korea's central bank freezes key rate at 2.5 pct
South Korea's central bank on Thursday decided to keep the key interest rate at
2.5 percent.
Australia's jobless rate falls to 5.2 percent
Australia's jobless rate fell to 5. 2 percent in November from 5.4 percent in
October, as 54,600 people joined the workforce, latest data showed on Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: South Korea's central bank freezes key rate at
2.5 pct
South Korea's central bank on Thursday decided to keep the key intererst rate at
2.5 percent.
Australia to give Indonesia 44.39 mln USD for climate change
Australia federal government on Thursday said the nation will give Indonesia
44.39 million U.S. dollars to tackle climate change.
Roundup: Myanmar encourages development of literature
By Feng Yingqiu
Australia tourism industry eyes China
The Australian Tourism Export Council (ATEC) on Thursday said it sees China as
the industry's lustrous pearl.
Number of Indonesian elderly to triple before 2050
The number of elderly people in Asia, including in Indonesia will be tripled
between 2000 an 2050, due to improving nutrition and health services, local
media reported Thursday, citing the result of a study jointly conducted by
several Asian academic institutions.
More young Singaporean smokers turn to roll-your-own smokes
The unit cost may have caused younger people to turn to roll-your-own smokes, or
"rollies" in Singapore as tobacco leaves are gaining popularity as a cheaper
alternative to cigarettes, local daily The Straits Times reported on Thursday.
Australian gov't vows to crackdown on illegally logged timber
The Australian federal government on Thursday promised to crackdown the
importation and sale of illegally logged timber.
Roundup: Australia's latest jobs data outstanding: ministers
by Vienna Ma
Dollar at upper 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 83 yen level Thursday morning in Tokyo.
IPO fever expected to keep raging next year in Singapore
This year's great initial public offering (IPO) revival here is expected to
carry its momentum into 2011 with more new listings streaming in, the Business
Times reported on Thursday.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,746.15 points Thursday 49.67 points
higher from previous close of 19,696.48 points on concerns of further monetary
tightening.
Indonesia's 2011 tourism theme focused on eco-cultural: official
Indonesia's tourism is to be promoted in 2011 with emphasis on the country's
eco-cultural attractions in the hope that it can draw 7.3-7.6 million foreign
visitors, local media reported here on Wednesday.
Urgent: 8 teachers kidnapped in NW Pakistan
Eight teachers have been kidnapped by unknown militants on Wednesday in the
northwestern Pakistani district of Hangu, local sources said.
Indian police investigate nature of Varanasi blast
Police are investigating the nature of the blast to find whether there is foot
prints of the terror group Indian Mujahideen in the terror attack which killed
one and injured 32 Tuesday evening here, said police Wednesday.
More corporate deals to be seen in South-east Asia next year
Corporate deals involving companies in Singapore and the rest of South-east Asia
are on the rise and likely to increase significantly next year.
10 militants surrender to gov't in N. Afghanistan
Ten more Taliban militants including their commander have given up militancy and
surrendered to government in Imam Sahib district of Afghanistan's northern
Kunduz province, district governor Mohammad Ayub Haqyar said Wednesday.
S. Korea confirms bird flu outbreak
The South Korean government on Wednesday confirmed a bird flu outbreak in a
southwest region that serves as a main habitat for migratory birds.  The
Ministry of Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries said avian influenza virus
was detected in wild birds on Mangyeong River, located in Iksan, North Jeolla
Province.  The ministry conducted an emergency disinfection of the area around
the river while designating an area within a 10-kilometer radius from the site
of the outbreak as a management zone.  There are 219 chicken farms and 13 duck
farms within the management zone, according to government figures.
100 mishaps per day on Singapore expressways: Land Transport
Authority
The Singapore expressways are where 100 traffic-disrupting incidents -- mainly
accidents and breakdowns -- took place each day.
1st LD Writethru: 8 teachers kidnapped in NW Pakistan
Eight teachers have been kidnapped by unknown militants on Wednesday in the
northwestern Pakistani district of Hangu, local sources said.
Strong business investment increase to lead Australia's economic
growth in 2011: survey
A strong increase in business investment is expected to drive Australia's
economic growth in 2011, a yearly business economists survey said on Wednesday.
Indian army captain killed in gunfight in Indian-controlled
Kashmir
An Indian army captain was killed in a fierce gunfight with militants in Indian-
controlled Kashmir, police Wednesday said.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 8
The parliamentary standoff continued between South Korea's rival parties Tuesday
as opposition lawmakers got physical to block the passage of next year's budget
plan.
ADB's economic upgrade pushes Philippine shares higher
The Philippine market climbed 0.55 percent higher Wednesday as investors become
more confident about the economic prospect of the country following the Asian
Development Bank's (ADB) latest upgrade.
Urgent: S. Korea, U.S. to continue joint drills
Top military officers from South Korea and the United States announced Wednesday
their plan to continue joint military exercises.
Thai workers to rally for wage hike on Thursday
About 1,000 workers will rally in front of the Labor Ministry on Thursday to
press for a 10 baht (0. 33 U.S. dollars) rise in the minimum daily wage, labor
leader said on Wednesday.
1st LD Writethru: S. Korea, U.S. to continue joint drills
Top military officers from South Korea and the United States announced Wednesday
their plan to continue joint military exercises.
Drug barons arrested in massive raids across Australia's New
South Wales
Police said on Wednesday that they have arrested some of the Australian biggest
drug barons and dismantled six major linked syndicates, smashing narcotics
networks across the State of New South Wales (NSW) in Australia.
Afghan army foil suicide bombing
Personnel of Afghan National Army (ANA) have killed a would-be suicide bomber
and captured another in southern Helmand province, an army spokesman Colonel
Rasoul Mohammad said Wednesday.
2nd LD Writethru: S. Korea, U.S. to continue joint drills
Top military officers from South Korea and the United States announced Wednesday
their plan to continue joint military exercises.
Urgent: Magnitude-6.1 earthquake rocks S. Philippines
A magnitude-6.1 earthquake shook part of southern Philippines on Wednesday
afternoon, the US Geological Survey (USGS) said.
Malaysia ranked 6th in Asia with high obesity
Malaysia is ranked sixth among Asian countries with high adult obesity rate,
according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
1st LD Writethru: Magnitude-6.1 earthquake rocks S. Philippines
A magnitude-6.1 earthquake shook part of southern Philippines on Wednesday
afternoon, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said.
Fiji gov't approves decree restricting tobacco sales
Suva, Dec. 8 (Xinhua) -- The Fiji government has approved the Tobacco Control
Decree 2010 which restricts the sale of cigarettes in the country, Fiji's
Minister for Health said on Wednesday.
Japan's service sector sentiment improves for 1st time in 4
months
Sentiment in Japan's service sector improved in November, marking the first rise
in four months, due to purchases of power-saving consumer electronics and a
surge in demand for winter apparel, a Cabinet Office survey showed Wednesday.
Japan's corporate bankruptcies decline for 16th straight month in
Nov.
The number of corporate bankruptcies in Japan declined for the 16th successive
month on year in November, due to government credit guarantees for small and
medium- sized firms stimulating loan guarantees and easing cash flow problems,
Tokyo Shoko Research said in a report on Wednesday.
Japanese stocks close higher on weaker yen
Japanese stocks closed higher Wednesday as a weaker yen against the dollar
boosted exporter shares.
Urgent: Blast kills 8 in northwest Pakistan
At least eight people were killed by a blast  in a crowded market in Kohat, a
district adjacent to the tribal belt in northwest Pakistan, local sources said.
Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos determine to enhance cooperation in
combating drugs
The 10th tripartite/bilateral ministerial meeting on drug control cooperation
between Cambodia, Vietnam and Laos began on Wednesday.
Thaksin won't enter U.S.: Thai foreign minister
The ousted ex-premier Thaksin Shinawatra is unlikely to get into the United
States to address the U.S. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe
(CSCE) about alleged human rights violations in Thailand, Foreign Minister Kasit
Piromya said Wednesday.
Singapore economy to slow to 5.1 pct growth in 2011: survey
In the latest survey by the Monetary Authority of Singapore which surveyed 25
economists, the respondents expect the Singapore economy to grow at a moderate
rate of 5.1 percent next year.
1st LD: Suicide blast kills 12 in northwest Pakistan
At least 12 people were killed and some others were injured Wednesday when a
blast went off in a crowded market in Kohat, a district adjacent to the tribal
belt in northwest Pakistan, police said.
Singapore Lee Kuan Yew Water Prize gets record nominations
A record number of nominations have been received for the coveted Lee Kuan Yew
Water Prize 2011, the Singapore International Water Week organizer announced on
Wednesday.
Thai ex-PM Thaksin to travel to U.S.
Ousted Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra has reaffirmed that he will travel
to Washington to testify on human rights and political situation in Thailand, a
close aide said on Wednesday.
2nd LD: Suicide attack kills 15 in northwest Pakistan
At least 15 people were killed in a suicide bomb attack in northwestern Pakistan
on Wednesday, police said.
S. Korea's money supply growth posts 4-year low in Oct.
South Korea marked a four-year low growth in money aggregates in October, mainly
due to the country's net capital outflows, the central bank said Wednesday.
Anti-terror force urged to deploy in India's bomb-hit holy city
India's Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati said Wednesday that the northern
state wanted the Congress party-led central government to deploy an anti-
terrorism force in Varanasi, after the Hindu holy city was hit by a  bomb attack
Tuesday.
Vietnam hosts 11th ASEAN Heads of Statistical Offices Meeting
The 11th ASEAN Heads of Statistical Offices Meeting (AHSOM 11) opened here on
Wednesday, drawing chiefs of statistical agencies of eight countries in the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and its partners including the
United States, the European Union, China, Japan and the Republic of Korea.
3rd LD Writethru: Suicide attack kills 15 in northwest Pakistan
At least 15 people were killed on Wednesday as a suicide bomber blew himself up
in a market place in northwestern Pakistan, police said.
2nd LD Writethru: Strong earthquake rocks S. Philippines, no
tsunami warning
A magnitude-6. 1 earthquake shook part of southern Philippines on Wednesday
afternoon, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said.
Bangladesh's main bourse investors stage demo as prices tumble
Frustrated at the massive fall in the main share price index, a group of retail
investors Wednesday staged demonstration in front of Bangladesh's main bourse
building in capital Dhaka.
Over 20 Indonesians held in Malaysia for illegal entry
The phenomenon of Indonesians entering Malaysia using fake passports has worsen,
with at least 20 such illegal immigrants held since November this year.
Roundup: S. Korean shares end down ahead of stock option
expiration date
Seoul shares closed down Wednesday as investors stayed wary ahead of the stock
option expiration date, local analysts said.
Dollar rises to around 84 yen line in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar edged up to around the 84 yen line Wednesday in Tokyo.
Roundup: Nikkei rises 0.9 pct on weak yen, U.S. tax cut plans
Tokyo stocks rebounded Wednesday, with the key Nikkei stock index gaining 0.90
percent as a possible extension to U.S. tax cuts sent the U.S. dollar higher
against the yen, bolstering Japan's exporter-related issues.
Vietnam hosts 1st meeting on ASEAN police training cooperation
The first meeting on police training cooperation among countries in the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) opened Wednesday in Vietnam's
capital Hanoi.
Singapore shares end 0.34 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 10.92 points or 0.34 percent on Wednesday
with the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,202.8 points.
2 ISAF soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Two soldiers with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF)
were killed Wednesday in a Taliban attack in Afghanistan's restive southern
region, the military alliance said.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 8
Top military officers from South Korea and the United States announced Wednesday
their plan to continue joint military exercises.
Emergency decree possible to be lifted before New Year: Thai PM
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit reaffirmed on Wednesday that the emergency decree
being imposed in Bangkok and its vicinity could be revoked before the yearend as
the overall situation has improved.
77 illegal migrants stranded in Indonesia's Madura island
A total of 77 illegal migrants from Iran, Iraq, Somalia and Afghanistan stranded
in port city of Sumenep in Indonesia's East Java province's Madura island, an
official said in Sumenep on Wednesday.
Workshop on women's rights in ASEAN opens in Vietnam
A workshop on human rights of women in the Association of Southeast Asian
Nations (ASEAN) was held here Wednesday.
Indonesia to boost security at Christmas, new year
Indonesia National Police would step up security during the Christmas and New
Year Eve, focusing on preventing the possibility of terrorist threat, police
spokesman Iskandar Hasan said here on Wednesday.
Indian stocks close 1.19 pct lower
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex fell 238.16 points or 1.19 percent Wednesday
on continuous concerns over realty financing scam.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 8
The Philippine market finished 0.55 percent higher on Wednesday.
Urgent: At least 300 people injured in collision between two
trains in Bangladesh
At least 300 people were injured in a collision between two passenger trains at
around 5 p.m. local time in Bangladesh's Narsingdi district, 51 kms northeast of
capital Dhaka, more casualties are expected, police said.
Urgent: At least 19 killed in train collision accident in
Bangladesh
At least 19 people were killed in a collision between 2 passenger trains in
Bangladesh's Narsingdi district, 51 km northeast of capital Dhaka on Wednesday.
U.S. offers India help to probe Varanasi blast
The United States Wednesday offered help to India in probing the bomb blast in
the northern holy town of Varanasi Tuesday, which killed a baby and injured 35
others, including foreign nationals.
Roundup: Foreigners take Pakistan KSE to new peak
Foreign investors continued to pour in their savings at Pakistan's Karachi Stock
Exchange (KSE) on Wednesday as its main index surged to fresh peak in almost two
and a half years.
7 Taliban militants killed in S. Afghanistan
Seven Taliban militants were killed Tuesday night as Afghan police repelled
their attack in Afghanistan's southern Zabul province, commander of Afghan
Border Police General Abdul Razaq said Wednesday.
Manila wants term of reference for facilitator in peace talks
with MILF
The Philippine government is awaiting response from the Moro Islamic Liberation
Front (MILF) to welcome its invitation to hold exploratory talks this month as
term of reference (TOR) for the Malaysian-assigned facilitator is being eyed, an
official said Wednesday.
Indian police detain 3 for Varanasi blast
The northern Indian state Uttar Pradesh's Anti-Terror Squad (ATS) Wednesday
detained three persons in connection with Tuesday's blast at the Shitla Ghat
here, which killed one baby and injured 35 others, said police.
News Analysis: Japan sends mixed messages through military
drills, tripartite talks
Japan and the United States Wednesday reached the halfway stage of their annual
joint defense drills, but the timing, scale and perceived intentions of the
"Keen Sword" drills have drawn not just the ire, but a great deal of confusion
from Japan's neighbors and global observers, at a time when words should be
speaking louder than actions.
Indian experts to question 19 foreigners detained in Arabian Sea
Indian experts from different agencies, including forensic department, will
interrogate 19 foreigners apprehended on board a dhow off Bitra Island in the
Arabian Sea last weekend, the Press Trust of India reported Wednesday.
Indian exports grow by 26.8 percent in November
India's exports grew by 26.8 percent to 18.9 billion U.S. dollars in November,
while imports increased 11.2 percent to 27.8 billion U.S. dollars, reported the
Indo-Asian News Service Wednesday.
2nd LD Writhru: At least 21 killed in train accident in
Bangladesh
At least 21 people were killed in a collision between 2 passenger trains in
Bangladesh's Narsingdi district, 51 kms northeast of capital Dhaka at abount 5
p.m. local time Wednesday.
Denmark to provide 35.76 mln USD for water, sanitation in
Bangladesh
The Danish government will provide Bangladesh with 35.76 million U.S. dollars
for development of water and sanitation for 2012-15.
S.Korean parliament passes next year's budget bill
South Korea's ruling Grand National Party on Wednesday rammed next year's budget
bill of 309.5 trillion won (274.5 billion U.S. dollars) through the plenary
session of the National Assembly despite opposition lawmakers' strong
resistance.
Bangladeshi gov't allocates 200 mln USD to minimize climate
change impacts
Bangladeshi State Minister for Land Mustafizur Rahman Wednesday said the
government has so far allocated 14 billion taka (about 200 million U.S. dollars)
from its own fund for implementing afforestation program with an objective to
adapt to the climate change impacts.
Australian astronomers find new star that glitters with zirconium
Australian astronomers on Wednesday said they have discovered a star that
glitters with zirconium, a material often used to make fake diamonds.
Frogs expel foreign objects from bladder: Australian researchers
Australian researchers on Wednesday said they found desert frog's bladders have
more function than just to hold water.
Militant killed in gunfight in Indian-controlled Kashmir
A militant was killed Wednesday in a fierce gunfight with joint parties of
Indian army and police in Indian-controlled Kashmir, police said.
Afghan forces need more support to take security responsibility:
U.S. defense secretary
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Wednesday said that Afghan national
security forces are still in need of more support to fully take the security
responsibility from the NATO-led troops based in their country.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific News Summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 8
A total of 77 illegal migrants from Iran, Iraq, Somalia and Afghanistan stranded
in port city of Sumenep in Indonesia's East Java province's Madura island, an
official said in Sumenep on Wednesday.
Feature: Tragic trains head-on collision claims lives in
Bangladesh
by Nian Yifeng
Zambia electoral body reduces nomination fee for presidential
candidates
Zambia's electoral body has announced the slashing of nomination fee for
presidential candidates for the 2011 elections, the Zambia Daily Mail reported
on Wednesday.
Zambian leader advises against shedding of blood ahead of next
year' s elections
Zambian President Rupiah Banda called here Wednesday on all Zambians to embrace
peace as the country prepares for general elections next year, saying "No
Zambian should shed the blood of another".
Ghana names oil as Jubilee ahead of commercial production
Just a week before the start of commercial production of oil off its southwest
coast, Ghana and its partners have named the long-expected oil as Jubilee, the
name of the oil and gas field.
South Africa writes off Cuban debt
South African President Jacob Zuma has told Cuba that his country will write off
1.1 billion rands (157 million U.S. dollars) of debt owed by the Caribbean
island state, the Business Day newspaper published in Johannesburg reported on
Wednesday.
South Africa opposes bail for wife-murder suspect in UK
South African authorities on Wednesday evening lodged an appeal against the
granting of bail in London to a UK newlywed accused of conspiring to murder his
wife near Cape Town.
South Africa urges reconciliation in Cote d'Ivoire amid election
dispute
The South African government on Wednesday urged leaders in Cote d'Ivoire to
promote national reconciliation and unity, following disputed presidential
elections in the West African country.
Urgent: Somali pirates set free Saudi ship: media
A tanker owned by Saudi Arabia was released by Somalia pirates, media reports
quoted maritime officials as saying on Wednesday.
1st LD: Somali pirates set free Saudi ship: media
A tanker owned by Saudi Arabia was released by Somalia pirates, media reports
quoted maritime officials as saying on Wednesday.
2nd LD Writethru: Somali pirates release Saudi-owned ship
Somali pirates have released a Saudi- owned ship almost nine months after they
hijacked it in the Gulf of Aden, a regional maritime official confirmed on
Wednesday.
Russian stocks close down
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Wednesday with both key indexes lower.
Toronto police arrests 57 men for child sexual exploitation
Toronto Police have arrested 57 men in Canada and overseas in connection with a
child sexual exploitation investigation, according to Toronto police sources on
Wednesday.
Obama administration urges U.S. Congress to pass DREAM Act
The Obama administration on Wednesday urged the U.S. Congress to pass a measure
to give tens of thousands of young illegal immigrants a path to legal status.
Macedonia seeks 480 million euro IMF loan
Macedonia has asked the International Monetary Fund for a loan worth 480 million
euros over two years under a special arrangement, news from Skopje reported
Wednesday.
Blair to reappear at public hearing on Iraq war
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair is expected to reappear at a public
hearing on the Iraq war in late January 2011, local media reported on Wednesday.
U.S. stocks wave on tax-cuts extension
U.S. stocks waved Wednesday as stronger dollar sent oil price falling and hurt
energy companies in the market.
Finland confirms six more A/H1N1 flu cases
The Finnish Defense Forces said in a statement on Wednesday that a further six
A/H1N1 flu cases had been confirmed at the Armored Brigade base in Parola in
southern Finland.
U.S. arrests man plotting to bomb military recruiting center
U.S. authorities on Wednesday said they have arrested a man in Baltimore,
Maryland, for plotting to bomb a military recruiting center, local media
reported.
U.S. top firm group urges gov't to create business-friendly
environment
With an array of new laws and regulatory actions restricting American firms'
ability to facilitate the economic recovery, the U.S. government should move to
create a business-friendly environment, a leading U.S. business association said
on Wednesday.
France garners 17.4 bln-euro deals in India
French President Nicolas Sarkozy's visit to India brought back fruitful deals
worth 17.4 billion euros (23 billion U.S. dollars), the Budget Minister and
Government Spokesman Francois Baroin said on Wednesday.
Strong earthquake rocks off eastern Indonesia
A strong earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale jolted off eastern
Indonesia of Maluku province at 00:31 a.m. local time on Thursday (1531 GMT on
Wednesday), the Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency said here.
London stock market closes lower
The London stock market closed lower on Wednesday with the leading FTSE 100
index down by 13.92 points, or 0.24 percent, at 5,794.53 points.
U.S. company tests capsule launch for commercial flight
A private U.S. company on Wednesday morning launched a spacecraft into orbit in
a test flight that NASA hopes could lead to supply runs to the International
Space Station after its space shuttles are retired next year.
Kazakhstan's Almaty airport to install nuclear detection
equipment
A major international air hub in Kazakhstan's southern city Almaty is going to
install the radiation detection equipment to prevent  nuclear smuggling, the
Government Security News Agency reported Wednesday.
Security sector reform, good governance remain priorities for
peacebuilding in Central African Republic: UN official
Security sector reform and good governance will remain priorities for the UN
peacebuilding office in the Central African Republic (CAR), in the process of
restoring stability to the country, a UN official said here Wednesday.
Russia ratifies agreement on military supplies with Belarus
Russia's parliament, the State Duma, has ratified the Russian-Belarusian
agreement on the advancement of military technical cooperation, Interfax news
agency reported on Wednesday.
Former Kyrgyz president's brother to face trial next week
A brother of the deposed Kyrgyz president Kurmanbek Bakiev will face trial on
December 15 for organizing mass riots during citizens' demonstrations in May and
June, the Bishkek-based 24.kg News Agency reported Wednesday.
Greece supports efforts for an independent Palestinian state,
says Greek PM
Greece supports efforts under way for a just and viable solution to the Middle
East issue, Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou said Wednesday during a
meeting in Athens with visiting Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas.
Heavy snow temporarily suspends flights in Paris airports
Heavy snow striking Paris once more on Wednesday suspended flights in both
airports of Roissy Charles- de-Gaulle and Orly temporarily in the afternoon,
according to the Paris airport authority ADP.
Italian president expresses doubts on gov't future
Italian President Giorgio Napolitano on Wednesday expressed doubts on the future
of the current government, shaken by a dangerous political crisis that may soon
lead to its collapse.
NASA's Spitzer reveals first carbon-rich planet
NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope has revealed a huge and searing-hot planet loaded
with an unusual amount of carbon, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) said on
Wednesday.
Entire global economic governance system needs to be reviewed:
WTO chief
The recent financial crisis stems from the growing disruptions to the order
established after the Second World War, the WTO Director-General Pascal Lamy
said Wednesday at the United Nations Offices in Geneva, calling for a reform in
the entire global economic governance system.
Greek public transport system hit by 24-hour strike over
austerity measures
Athens was hit by an hours-long traffic jam on Wednesday and users of train
services nationwide faced idle wagons, as public transport system employees
staged another 24-hour strike over austerity measures introduced to tackle an
acute debt crisis.
U.S. solar, wind industries urge renewal of federal Treasury
grant
U.S. Solar and wind power industries are calling for the renewal of multi-
billion dollar federal Treasury grant program which buoyed the renewable energy
industry during the economic slowdown, a newspaper report said on Wednesday.
MacDonald's November sales up 4.8 percent, weaker than expected
McDonald's global comparable sales for November were up 4.8 percent, which is
weaker than expected, the Chicago-based company said on Wednesday.
Russia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Tajikistan vow to cooperate on
antidrug
Heads of antidrug authorities of Russia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Tajikistan
agreed here on creation of the Central Asian antidrug quartet, the state-run
Itar- Tass news agency reported on Wednesday.
EU confident of progress in FTA talks with India
The European Union (EU) is confident of progress in negotiations on a Free Trade
Agreement ( FTA) with India, the European Commission said here on Wednesday.
Five pct of Italian mortgage holders insolvent: report
Five percent of Italian families holding a mortgage cannot afford to pay it,
which proves the persisting economic difficulties of many Italians, said a
report issued by the Bank of Italy on Wednesday.
U.S. Continental Airlines flight diverted due to suicidal man
A plane of U.S. carrier Continental Airlines bound for Houston was diverted to
New Mexico Wednesday after a man aboard appeared suicidal and began disrupting
the passengers.
U.S. Continental Airlines flight diverted due to suicidal man
A plane of U.S. carrier Continental Airlines bound for Houston was diverted to
New Mexico Wednesday after a man aboard appeared suicidal and began disrupting
the passengers.
Obama commits to base missile interceptors in Poland
President Barack Obama on Wednesday committed the United States to basing land-
based SM-3 interceptors in Poland in the 2018 timeframe as part of its NATO-
wide missile defense system.
Urgent: Gold further drops against stronger dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange further
declined on Wednesday, suffering the biggest drop in three weeks, as U.S. dollar
hiked for three consecutive days. Meanwhile, Silver also slumped from 30-year
record.
Norway PM calls for establishment of Green Fund
A Green Fund should be established at the ongoing UN climate change conference,
Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said Wednesday.
Netflix ties up with Disney-ABC to stream TV shows
Netflix, Inc. and Disney-ABC Television Group have agreed on a licensing project
which will allow Netflix to stream hundreds of television shows from the ABC
Television Network, Disney Channel and ABC Family over the Internet, the two
companies announced on Wednesday.
Chinese culture study center opens in Moscow
The opening ceremony of a Chinese language and culture study center was held
here Wednesday.
Serbia and China sign agreement to upgrade thermal plant
As part of a 1.25-billion-dollar agreement, Serbian and Chinese officials signed
a 344-million- dollar contract for the first phase of work to upgrade the
outdated Kostolac thermal generating plant, on Wednesday in Belgrade.
Urgent: Oil falls on fuel inventory increase, dollar
strengthening
Crude prices dropped Wednesday on U.S. fuel inventory increase and dollar
strengthening. Light, sweet crude for January delivery fell 41 cents to 88.28
U.S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile.
UN chief worried about aftermath of Haitian elections
UN Secretary General Ban Ki- moon is concerned about the allegations of fraud
and acts of violence that have taken place in the aftermath of the presidential
and legislative elections last weekend in Haiti, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky
said here Wednesday.
Will of people "irrefutable" in electing Ouattara president of
Cote d'Ivoire: UN official
Choi Youngjin, the UN secretary-general's special representative for Cote
d'Ivoire, has said that Alassane Ouattara has definitively won the run-off
presidential election in the West African country, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky
told reporters here Wednesday.
45 cadavers found in Colombian landslide, search continues
Colombian rescuers have found the bodies of 45 people buried in a landslide in
the northeast of the country, and on Wednesday continue to search for more
victims, even though there is now little hope of finding survivors.
Chinese culture experience center opens at Stockholm University
A Chinese culture experience center was opened to teachers and students at
Stockholm University on Wednesday.
Most Americans pessimistic about future: U.S. Poll
Most Americans are pessimistic about their future, a local poll released on
Wednesday showed.
UN Mideast envoy concerned with Israel's settlement building,
court decision
Robert Serry, UN special coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process, has
expressed concern about Israel's failures to freeze settlement activity in the
West Bank as well as a court decision expelling a Palestinian Legislative
Council member, but he was pleased to hear that Israel will allow exports from
Gaza, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky said here Wednesday.
More American college students study foreign languages
The number of American college students who are studying foreign languages has
continued to grow, but at a slower pace, a new study shows.
Gold further drops on stronger dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange further
declined on Wednesday, suffering the biggest drop in three weeks, as U.S. dollar
has hiked for three consecutive days. Meanwhile, Silver also slumped from
30-year record.
Oil falls on fuel inventory increase, dollar strengthening
Crude prices dropped Wednesday as U.S. fuel inventory increased and tax-cut plan
lifted dollar.
News Analysis: Italy's political circle faces showdown after
passage of budget bill
By Eric J. Lyman
Urgent: Wall Street edges up after intraday swing
U.S. stocks edged up Wednesday after a swing in early trading session. All three
major indexes rose slightly at the closing.
6th LD Writethru: Fire kills 81 prisoners in Chilean capital
SANTIAGO, Dec. 8 (Xinhua) - Chilean Prison director Luis Antonio Masferrer said
on Wednesday that there were 81 fatal victims of the fire at San Miguel Prison
in Santiago, not 83.
China climate chief meets UN chief on climate change
The head of the Chinese delegation and UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon
exchanged views on the important issues at the ongoing UN climate change
conference here on Wednesday.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as tax cut extension stimulate optimistic
economic outlook
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Wednesday as optimism on U.S. economy was promoted by tax cut extension plan.
U.S. re-balances strategy in Afghanistan
U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan are re-balancing strategies of
counterinsurgency and counterterrorism to confront the realities on the ground,
a top U. S. military official said Wednesday.
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks edge up after intraday swing
U.S. stocks edged up Wednesday after a swing in early trading session, as lower
oil price hurt energy sector, but financial sector surged.
1st LD-Writethru: Dollar mixed as tax cut extension stimulates
optimistic economic outlook
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Wednesday as optimism on U.S. economy was promoted by tax cut extension plan.
Urgent: UN chief regrets Israel goes ahead with settlement
building in occupied territory
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said on Wednesday that he noted with regret
that "Israel will not heed the united call of the international community ...to
extend the settlement restraint policy."
UN chief calls for additional steps to fight sexual violence in
conflict
Having been shocked by the massive rapes in the east part of the Democratic
Republic of Congo, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Wednesday called for
additional steps to enhance protection, including increased pressure on
perpetrators through sanctions and other targeted measures.
Health officials in Texas, U.S., sued over illegal sale of infant
blood samples
A civil rights group on Wednesday filed a lawsuit against health officials in
the U.S. state of Texas claiming that the state unlawfully sold baby blood
samples to pharmacy companies and or federal agencies.
1st Ld: UN chief regrets Israel goes ahead with settlement
building in occupied territory
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said on Wednesday that he noted with regret
that "Israel will not heed the united call of the international community ...to
extend the settlement restraint policy."
Mayor Bloomberg unveils plans to spur job creation in New York
City
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg outlined his six-step strategies to tackle
the unemployment and spur economic growth on Wednesday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: UN chief regrets Israel goes ahead with
settlement building in occupied territory
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said on Wednesday that he noted with regret
that "Israel will not heed the united call of the international community ...to
extend the settlement restraint policy."
U.S. vows to resolve Israeli-Palestinian conflict in one year
with changed tactic
The United States is changing its approach to handle the Israeli-Palestinian
conflict but remains committed to a framework agreement reached within one year,
U.S. State Department spokesman Philip Crowley said on Wednesday.
Chicago corn, soybeans rebound while wheat further drops
Chicago corn futures Wednesday rebounded from 1-week low, as a report showed
that U.S. ethanol demand surged to a record. Soybeans also rallied on bet that
the inventory would continue to fall in Friday's report. However, wheat fell for
the second straight day.
UN envoy sees fair elections as key to stability in Central
African Republic
General elections in the Central African Republic (CAR) next year will be a
crucial step towards restoring stability to the country through a democratic
process, but the polls must be free, fair and transparent, the UN envoy to the
African nation told the Security Council here Wednesday.
Senior CPC official meets Henry Kissinger to promote bilateral
ties
A senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) met here on Wednesday
with former U. S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger to further develop
bilateral relations.
"Mad Men," "30 Rock" among nominees for 2011 Writers Guild Awards
Winners of this year's Writers Guild Awards -- AMC drama "Mad Men" and  NBC's
comedy "30 Rock" -- were among the shows that have been nominated on Wednesday
for the 2011 Writers Guild Award for television writing.
Biggest Strike Since 90's in Czech Republic
About 100,000 state employees took part Wednesday in a nationwide strike called
against prepared state austerity measures that include up to 10 percent wages
cuts.
Canadian stocks fall further for another day
Canadian stocks fell on Wednesday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index closed down
98.67 points, or 0.74 percent, at 13,152.00.
UN food agency hails release of helicopter crew in Darfur
The UN food agency on Wednesday welcomed the release of three Latvian helicopter
crew members working for it who were kidnapped early in November in Sudan's war-
torn Darfur, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters here.
Imperfect tax cuts deal helps remove economic uncertainty: U.S.
official
The tax cuts compromise with Republicans was an "imperfect agreement", but it
would help to remove the economic uncertainties and bolster investment and
economic growth, Lawrence Summers, director of the National Economic Council,
said on Wednesday.
U.S. envoy says China seriously dealing with carbon emissions
China is certainly making serious efforts to deal with carbon emissions, U.S.
Special Envoy for Climate Change Todd Stern said Wednesday, adding he has "
enormous respect" for what China is doing domestically.
UN health agency endorses rapid TB test: spokesman
The World Health Organization (WHO) has endorsed a rapid new tuberculosis (TB)
test which the UN agency said could revolutionize care and control of the
disease, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters here Wednesday.
U.S. gov't to sell AIG shares, further exit from bailout program
The U.S. Department of the Treasury announced on Wednesday that the insurance
giant American International Group Inc. (AIG) had entered into an agreement with
the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and the
trustees of the AIG Credit Facility Trust to speed up the repayment of U.S.
taxpayer funds.
1st Ld-Writethru: UN food agency hails release of helicopter crew
in Darfur
The UN food agency on Wednesday welcomed the release of three Latvian helicopter
crew members working for it who were kidnapped early in November in Sudan's war-
torn Darfur, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters here.
Urgent: UN Security Council hails EOCWAS statement on Cote
d'Ivoire
The UN Security Council on Wednesday welcomed the statement of the Economic
Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on Cote d'Ivoire, recognizing Alassane
Ouattara as the winner of the run-off presidential elections in the country.
French central bank revises up growth prediction
France's central bank on Wednesday revised up the estimated growth rate of the
fourth quarter to 0.6 percent, 0.1 percentage points higher than previous
prediction.
Stocks close flat in Central America
Two of the three major stock markets in Central America closed flat on
Wednesday.
1st LD: UN Security Council recognizes Quattara as winner of Cote
d'Ivoire presidential  runoff
The UN Security Council on Wednesday welcomed the statement of the Economic
Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on Cote d'Ivoire, recognizing
opposition leader Alassane Ouattara as the winner of the run-off presidential
elections in the country.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 9
The UN Security Council on Wednesday welcomed the statement of the Economic
Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on Cote d'Ivoire, recognizing
opposition leader Alassane Ouattara as the winner of the run-off presidential
elections in the country.
Cuba, Cambodia reaffirm friendship
Top Cuban and Cambodian lawmakers Wednesday reaffirmed the friendly relations
between the two legislatures and the two countries.
New Mexico governor to visit DPRK
New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson is scheduled to visit the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) again next week at a time when tensions are
heightened on the Korean Peninsula, the governor's office said Wednesday.
Panama Canal traffic suspended by downpours
PANAMA CITY, Dec. 8 (Xinhua) --- Traffic through Panama Canal, which accounts
for 5 percent of the world trade flow, was suspended Wednesday due to the
pouring rains in the previous 24 hours that killed 3 people.
Stocks close lower in Mexico, Brazil
Latin America's two major stock markets closed lower on Wednesday.
2nd LD Writethru: UN Security Council recognizes Ouattara as
winner of Cote d'Ivoire  presidential runoff
The UN Security Council on Wednesday welcomed the statement of the Economic
Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on Cote d'Ivoire, recognizing
opposition leader Alassane Ouattara as the winner of the run-off presidential
elections in the country.
Spain sends aid to flood-stricken Venezuela
Spain is sending 15 tons of humanitarian aid to flood-stricken Venezuela, the
Panama-based Spain Humanitarian Logistic Center (CLH) for Latin America
announced Wednesday.
Brazil's dollar net inflow drops in 2010
Brazil registered a net inflow of 26.26 billion U.S. dollars in the first 11
months of this year, down 1.8 percent from the same period last year, the
Central Bank said Wednesday.
Oil giant OGX announces oil discovery off Brazil's southeastern
coast
Brazilian oil and gas company OGX announced Wednesday it had discovered oil off
the country's southeastern coast.
Northrop to pay fine for withholding information about faulty
paint system
Defense contractor Northrop Grumman will pay 5.21 million dollars for trying to
conceal information about its faulty paint system for the B-2 "Stealth" bomber,
federal prosecutors announced on Wednesday.
Roundup: Chinese IPOs shine in U.S. stock market
By Niu Hairong
U.S. company recalls walnut over salmonella risk
A California-based food distributor announced on Wednesday it is recalling its
El Guapo brand shelled walnuts which might be contaminated with salmonella
bacteria.
Fidel Castro urges UN to help fight cholera in Haiti
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro said the United Nations Stabilization Mission
in Haiti (MINUSTAH) must help stem the cholera epidemic in that country.
U.S. House votes to scuttle Guantanamo closure plans
U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday passed a spending freeze legislation
which would push back the efforts to close the infamous Guantanamo Bay prison in
2011.
Brazil reports first 3 Chikungunya cases
Brazil Wednesday reported first three cases of Chikungunya, a viral disease
spread by mosquitoes that causes fever and severe joint pain.
Brazil's net dollar inflow down 1.8 pct Jan.-Nov.
Brazil registered a net dollar inflow of 26.26 billion U.S. dollars in the first
11 months of 2010, down 1.8 percent year on year, the country's Central Bank
said Wednesday.
U.S. thwarts plot to bomb military recruiting center
U.S. authorities announced Wednesday that a Baltimore man has been arrested and
charged in a sting operation that saw the man plotting to bomb a military
recruiting center in suburban Maryland.
Brazil's basic interest rate to remain at 10.75 pct
The Brazilian Central Bank decided on Wednesday to maintain the country's annual
basic interest rate Selic at 10.75 percent.
Brazil's OGX announces new oil discovery
Brazilian oil and gas company OGX announced on Wednesday an oil discovery off
the country's southeast coast.
Senior U.S. envoy to visit three S. American states
U.S. Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs William Burns is scheduled
to visit Chile, Argentina and Brazil on Dec. 9-13 with a view to expanding
relations with "key regional partners," the U.S. State Department said
Wednesday.
Urgent: Skipper killed after Chinese fishing boat capsizes off
Peruvian coast
Skipper of a Chinese fishing boat, which capsized in waters off a western
Peruvian port, was found dead, Peru's navy said on Wednesday.
Adolescent morality worrying in Brazil
The mortality rate among adolescents between 12 and 18 years old is 2.67 in
every 1,000 people, the laboratory for analyzing violence at the University of
Rio de Janeiro (UERJ) said on Wednesday in a report.
Brazil's retailers confident of Christmas sales
Brazil's retailers are confident Christmas sales in the country will increase
this year, a survey released Wednesday by consulting company Serasa Experian
said.
Colombian guerillas to release five hostages
The rebel Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) said Wednesday that it
will release five hostages to former Senator Piedad Cordoba as "a gesture of
humanity" and "a compensatory gesture."
Ecuador offers humanitarian aid to Venezuela
Ecuador Wednesday sent the first shipment of humanitarian aid to Venezuela for
thousands of people who lost everything in the floods and landslides caused by
the most intense rainfall in 40 years, an official said.
Skipper killed after Chinese fishing boat capsizes off Peruvian
coast
The skipper of a Chinese fishing boat, which capsized in waters off a western
Peruvian port, was found dead, the Chinese embassy said on Wednesday.
White House defends tax deal amid Democratic split
by Matthew Rusling
Roundup: Wall Street close higher, Chinese firms soar in IPOs
U.S. stocks closed moderately higher Wednesday after a late-session surge in
financial shares offset the negative effects of a stronger dollar.
DPRK says shelling incident "deliberate provocation" of S. Korea
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) Wednesday released a report,
claiming the recent Yonphyong Island shelling incident was a "deliberate
provocation" of South Korea.
U.S. House OKs bill to help young illegal immigrants
U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday night passed a measure to give tens
of thousands of young illegal immigrants a path to legal status.
Helicopter crash kills three in Mexico
At least three people died and three others were injured when a police
helicopter crashed in eastern Veracruz state, local police said on Wednesday.
Violence flares up in Haiti, leaving one dead, 10 injured:doctor
One person died and 10 people were injured on Wednesday in protests against the
results of Haiti's elections, a doctor of Haiti's Les Cayes General Hospital
said.
Feature: Haiti, still a nation in trouble
Haiti is still facing many difficulties at the end of this year, such as
reconstruction following the Jan. 12 earthquake, intense rainfalls, a recent
cholera epidemic and a political crisis following the presidential and
legislative elections on Nov. 28.
Oscar-winning composer Zimmer honored on Walk of Fame
Hans Zimmer, composer who has written scores for box office hits such as "The
Lion King" and "The Dark Knight" was honored Wednesday by a dedication of star
on the famed Hollywood Walk of Fame in downtown Los Angeles.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 9
South Korea's central bank on Thursday decided to keep the key interest rate at
2.5 percent.
Feature: Prison fire kills 83 in Chile
by Luan Xiang
Major TV networks in U.S. show decline in Latino diversity
A decline in Latino diversity at the four major television networks - ABC, NBC,
CBS and Fox was shown in a report released by the U.S. National Latino Media
Council (NLMC) Tuesday.
Urgent: 4 Chinese fishermen missing off Peruvian coast: Chinese
embassy
A Chinese fishing boat capsized on Tuesday evening in waters off the Callao port
in western Peru, with four crew members still missing, the Chinese embassy in
Peru said.
Seven personalities inducted into TV Hall of Fame
Actress and singer Diahann Carroll, actress Cloris Leachman, the broadcast
journalist and late news anchor Peter Jenning were among the seven personalities
who will be inducted into the Academy of Television Arts &amp; Science's Hall of
Fame, the Academy announced on Tuesday.
1st LD Writethru: 4 Chinese fishermen missing off Peruvian coast:
Chinese embassy
A Chinese fishing boat capsized on Tuesday evening in waters off the Callao port
in western Peru, with four crew members still missing, the Chinese embassy in
Peru said.
China "doing right thing" in raising interest rate to curb
inflation: Jim Rogers
Financial expert Jim Rogers said on Tuesday that China's Central Bank was doing
the right thing by raising interest rate to curb inflation in China right now.
UN chief calls for deals on forests, technology, financing
Decisions on forests, technology and financing are close to being ready and
should be sealed in Cancun, the host city of the UN climate change conference,
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon said Tuesday.
Urgent: 6.5-magnitude quake jolts South Sandwich islands
An earthquake measuring 6.5 on the Richter scale jolted the South Sandwich
Islands in the southern Atlantic, the U.S. Geological Survey said on Wednesday.
Los Angeles puts forward new guidelines on raves
The county of Los Angeles has come up with a set of new guideline regarding
future hosting of electronic music festivals in an effort to make the raves
safer, the county's Board of Supervisors announced on Tuesday.
6.1-magnitude quake hits Mindanao, Philippines: USGS
An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale jolted Mindanao, the
Philippines, at 0647 GMT on Wednesday, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said.
Colombia declares state of emergency over flooding, landslides
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos on Tuesday declared a state of emergency
for 30 days to cope with the worst downpours in decades.
Chinese, U.S. musicians delight Washington music lovers
Chinese musicians, together with the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, presented a
medley of Eastern and Western classics Tuesday night, marking the start of the
"Image China" performances at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing
Arts.
German stocks open lower
German stocks opened lower Wednesday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 8
Top military officers from South Korea and the United States announced Wednesday
their plan to continue joint military exercises.
Los Angeles moves to house thousands of homeless
Los Angeles County's Board of Supervisors has promised to find permanent housing
for a growing number of homeless people in the area.
5.2-magnitude quake hits Kyrgyzstan: USGS
An earthquake measuring 5.2 on the Richter scale jolted Kyrgyzstan at 0821 GMT
on Wednesday, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said.
Interview: Norwegian minister says forest deal should not be held
back
by Alexander Manda
London stock market falls in early trading
London stock market fell in opening on Wednesday, with the leading FTSE 100
index down 30.18 points, or 0.5 percent at 5,778.27 points in early trading.
New Analysis: How will the political stalemate in Cote d'Ivoire
be broken?
The political crisis after the presidential run-off last month in Cote d'Ivoire
is showing few signs of easing, as both candidates declared they had won and
started to form their own new governments. Meanwhile, there were smoke and
protests on the streets here.
Iceland's Central Bank further lowers key interest rates
The Sedlabanki, Iceland's central bank, announced Wednesday to further lower its
key interest rates, according to reports reaching here from Reykjavik.
German exports see unexpected decline in October
German exports surprisingly slump in October on a monthly basis, showing strong
euro and budget cuts across Europe has weakened overseas sales of German firms,
official data showed Wednesday.
Bulgarian customs seize 7 kg of heroin
Bulgarian customs officers seized Tuesday night seven kg of heroin at the
country's border with Turkey, officials said Wednesday.
Iceland to build world's first methanol factory from steam
The world's first methanol factory using carbon-dioxide extracted from steam is
expected to be completed next March in Iceland, according to a report reaching
here from Reykjavik on Wednesday.
France narrows October budget gap to 133.1 bln euros
France's budget deficit was slightly down by 1.11 percent to 133.1 billion euros
(175.7 billion U.S. dollars) at the end of October, compared with the same month
a year earlier on soaring revenues, the country's Budget Ministry said on
Wednesday.
Canada releases action plan concerning '85 Air India bombing
The Canadian government Tuesday released a  "roadmap" designed to fix
communication problems among the country's security agencies that led to the Air
India flight bombing.
Interview: China's pledges of emission reduction recognized by
global community:  negotiator
by Xinhua writer Liu Lili, Wang Yujue
Urgent: Fire kills over 80 prisoners in Chilean capital
A fire killed more than 80 inmates and made 200 others evacuated at the San
Miguel prison in southern Santiago on Wednesday morning.
DPRK media accuses Japan of involvement in Korean War
A leading newspaper of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on
Wednesday accused Japan of involvement in the 1950-1953 Korean War.
1st LD: Fire kills over 80 prisoners in Chilean capital
A fire breaking out at a prison in the Chilean capital city of Santiago killed
more than 80 inmates and made 200 others evacuated on Wednesday morning.
Feature: French Christmas ardor full of lighting, animation and
flavor
by Huang Yi
2nd LD: Fire kills over 80 prisoners in Chilean capital
A fire breaking out at a prison in the Chilean capital city of Santiago killed
more than 80 inmates and made 200 others evacuated on Wednesday morning.
Glonass failed launch may be caused by over-fuelling: report
The failed launch of the Proton-M carrier rocket with three Glonass-M satellites
might be caused by over-fueling of the upper stage,  Interfax news agency said
Wednesday.
Ukraine to extend grain export quotas, raise cap
Ukraine on Wednesday decided to extend its grain export quotas until the end of
March of 2011, while it also announced to higher the cap.
France records lower trade deficit in October on slowing
purchases
France cut trade deficit by 21.6 percent to 3.41 billion euros (4.51 billion
U.S. dollars) in October compared to a month earlier following slowing energy
imports, official figures showed on Wednesday.
London stock market down by midday
The London stock market fell by midday on Wednesday with the leading FTSE 100
index down 10.09 points at 5,798.36 points at noon.
3rd LD,Writethru: Fire kills over 80 prisoners in Chilean capital
A fire at a prison in the Chilean capital of Santiago killed more than 80
inmates and made 200 others evacuated on Wednesday morning.
Commentary: What's behind "enshrining" Liu Xiaobo?
by Ji Shiping
Oil production in Russia to hit record high
Russia's oil production in 2010 is set to hit a record high this year, Energy
Minister Sergei Shmatko said Wednesday.
EU to tighten financial market regulation
The European Commission on Wednesday proposed to revise an important directive
concerning financial market regulation in a bid to increase transparency of the
market.
4th LD, Writethru: Fire kills 81 prisoners in Chilean capital
A fire at a prison in the Chilean capital of Santiago killed 81 inmates and made
200 others evacuated on Wednesday morning.
Feature: Denmark's wind fairy tale
by  Xinhua writer Yang Jingzhong
Russia, Kazakhstan to create joint air defense system
Russia and Kazakhstan agreed to create a joint regional air defense network, the
RIA Novosti news agency reported on Wednesday.
EU agrees to close part of anti-trust probe on Visa Europe
The European Commission on Wednesday decided to end part of its anti-trust probe
on Visa Europe after the company agreed to cut some of its fees for debit card
payments.
Belarus builds plant to produce unique spacecraft
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko announced Tuesday that a plant has
been built for the production of unique spacecraft.
5th LD, Writethru: Fire kills 83 prisoners in Chilean capital
A fire at a prison in the Chilean capital of Santiago killed 83 inmates and made
some 200 others evacuated on Wednesday morning.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 8
A fire at a prison in the Chilean capital of Santiago killed 81 inmates and made
200 others evacuated on Wednesday morning.
Italian parliament approves budget to clear way for confidence
vote on government
Italy's parliament on Tuesday approved some 25 billion euros (33.3 billion U.S.
dollar) in budget cuts to prepare the ground for a confidence vote on Prime
Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government.
Georgia links serial bombing attacks to Russian officer in
Abkhazia
The serial bombing suspects detained by Georgian police have admitted to a
behind-the-scenes handler in Abkhazia, according to a video-taped confession
released by the Georgian Interior Ministry on Wednesday.
News Analysis: Iran, international community remain divided after
Geneva talks
by Xinhua Writer Liu Yang
Top South African boxing trainer threatens to quit
Renowned South African boxing trainer Nick Durandt on Wednesday threatened to
quit the sport after more than two decades, according to the Sowetan newspaper
in Johannesburg.
Feature: Kenya's new 1,500m C'wealth champion eyes big things
JOHN KWOBA
Kenya mulls foreign coach after restructuring soccer
JOHN KWOBA
Bangladesh to start cricket World Cup ticket selling next month
Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) has decided to start the selling of ICC Cricket
World Cup 2011 tickets from Jan. 1, an official said Wednesday.
Guardiola hopes form with last into 2011
Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola said this Wednesday that he hopes his side's
incredible run of form will last into the New Year.
Ronaldo says tired of soccer
During the 2010 International Forum of Soccer, the Footecon, Corinthians striker
Ronaldo declared on Wednesday that he is getting tired of the sport.
Benzema takes his chance with hat-trick as Madrid defeat Auxerre
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema took the chance to prove he can be the club's
center forward with a hat-trick as his side defeated a disappointing Auxerre 4-0
in the last game of the group stage of the Champions League.
Bayern humbles Basel 3-0 at UEFA Champions League
German record champions Bayern Munich swept Swiss double winner Basel 3-0 as
Bayern's Frenchmen midfielder Franck Ribery scored twice on Wednesday.
Football leagues suspended in Ghana
By Alex Boateng
Results of 2010-2011 NHL on Dec. 7
Following are the results of 2010-2011 National Hockey League (NHL) games on
Tuesday (home team in CAPS):
UEFA calls on Hungarian PM to help curb game fixing, support
juniors
Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) President Michel Platini called
on Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban to support the game of soccer by
helping to curb lotteries that involve game fixing and to support junior
players, given that as of 1 January, Hungary will rotate into the European Union
presidency.
Sri Lanka, West Indies one day series postponed
The five match one day international series between the cricket teams of Sri
Lanka and the West Indies has been rescheduled for New Year, the Sri Lanka
Cricket said in a release here Wednesday.
Sri Lanka reverses decision to postpone one day series with West
Indies
The Sri Lanka West Indies first one day series will go ahead as planned on
Thursday, Sri Lanka Cricket officials said here in a reversal of a decision
previously made on Wednesday.
International Open Friendship Taekwondo Championship to be held
in Nepal
The 8th International Open Friendship Taekwondo Championship will be held in
Nepal on December 10-11.
Serie A players strike called off
The Serie A Players' Association (AIC) confirmed on Wednesday that this
weekend's strike will be called off following lengthy discussions between league
representatives and the Football Players'Association.
Malaga move to bring Maresca back to Spain
Struggling BBVA Primera Liga side Malaga has moved quickly to bring Italian
midfielder Enzo Maresca back to Spain.
2nd Asian Beach Games opens in Muscat
The 2nd Asian Beach Games opened here on Wednesday evening, with more than 2,000
athletes and coaches from 45 Asian countries and regions participating.
Kenyan female volleyballer eyes top prize
JOHN KWOBA
3rd World Junior Wushu Championships closes in Singapore
The 3rd World Junior Wushu Championships closed in Singapore on Wednesday, with
China's national junior Wushu ream consisting of 19 members topping the event
with 16 gold medals.
Kenyan stars line up for historic awards
JOHN KWOBA
Joel Santana continues to coach Botafogo
Head coach of the Botafogo soccer team, Joel Santana confirmed his stay with the
club in 2011 on Wednesday.
2nd Asian Beach Games opens in Muscat (updated)
The 2nd Asian Beach Games opened here on Wednesday evening, with more than 2,000
athletes and coaches from 45 Asian countries and regions participating.
Ze Roberto announces desire to return to Brazil, Santos
Santos FC received warmly the news on Wednesday that midfielder Ze Roberto is
interested in returning to Brazil.
Jobson on Botafogo's negotiating table, Palmeiras interested
The administration at Botafogo FR announced on Wednesday its interest in trading
polemic striker Jobson.
Defending Champion Liaoning takes season's first win
Defending champion Liaoning beat Heilongjiang 79-74 to take their season's first
victory of the Chinese Women's Basketball League (WCBA) on Wednesday.
Arsenal win over Partizan Belgrade 3-1 to reach Champions League
last 16
Arsenal finished their last UEFA Champions League group match with a comfortable
3-1 win over Partizan Belgrade on Wednesday, but had to settle for a second
place in Group H as Shakhtar Donetsk took the lead with a three- point
advantage.
Australian football commentator slams FIFA's 2022 World Cup
decision
Australian football commentator, Les Murray on Wednesday labeled awarding the
2022 World Cup to Qatar as ludicrous.
Juan to leave Flamengo, raises Sao Paulo's interest
Longtime member of the Flamengo soccer team, midfielder Juan received the news
on Wednesday that his contract will not be renewed.
Gremio and Flamengo rejoice with Goias' loss in South American
Cup
Players and fans of Flamengo and Gremio watched with anxiety the match on
Wednesday between Goias and Argentina's Independiente in the return leg of the
South American Cup.
Fake cancer drug manufacturer sentenced to 10 years in prison
The principal in a fake cancer-drug case in east China's Hangzhou city was
sentenced to 10 years in prison, as reported Wednesday on the website of the
State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA).
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 8
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 8:
China's housing prices are nearly 30 pct overpriced: CASS report
A report by a leading think tank in China showed Wednesday that residential
housing in the country's large and medium-sized cities is overpriced and in some
cities are severely overpriced.
China focus: China links world with its high-speed rail
technology
"Building roads before building wealth," a widely known slogan in China, was
cited by Lao Deputy Prime Minister Somsavat Lengsavad.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Seven injured, thousands flee after pesticide
plant explodes in  China
An explosion caused by careless handling of chemicals ripped through a pesticide
factory in east China's Shandong Province Wednesday, raising pollution fears
that resulted in authorities evacuating 8,000 residents from nearby villages.
Chinese president urges utmost efforts to cure wounded fire
fighters
Chinese president Hu Jintao has urged medical units to take all efforts to cure
those wounded when fighting a deadly fire on a grassland in the country's
southwest.
China's yuan weakens to 6.6654 per USD Thursday
The value of yuan weakened slightly as the central parity rate of Renminbi,
China's currency, was set at 6.6654 per U.S. dollar Thursday, compared with
Wednesday's 6.6616, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange
Trading System.
Chinese shares open lower Thursday
Chinese shares opened lower Thursday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index down 0.38 percent, or 10.93 points, to 2,837.61 at the opening.
ChiNext Index opens lower Thursday
ChiNext stocks declined 1.42 points to open at 1,158.82 points Thursday.
China stock index futures open lower Thursday
China's stock index futures opened lower Thursday. The contract for settlement
in December, the most actively traded, opened 12.6 points lower at 3,173.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 83 HK dollars to open at 12,825 HK dollars
per tael Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Hong Kong stocks open higher -- Dec. 9
Hong Kong stocks moved up 75.35 points, or 0.33 percent, to open at 23,167.87
Thursday.
China Focus: Rich Chinese find immigration two-way road
Zhou Qun, who moved to Germany eight years ago, has every reason to distance
herself from the stereotyped traditional Chinese immigrants.
CNOOC agrees to purchase 50 pct stake in gas exploration blocks
of Australia's Exoma
China National Offshore Oil Corp. (CNOOC) said Thursday it has agreed to pay 50
million Australian dollars (48.99 million U.S. dollars) for a 50 percent stake
in Australia-based Exoma Energy Ltd.'s gas exploration blocks.
China November consumer confidence rebounds as government fights
inflation
The consumer confidence of Chinese bank card holders rebounded slightly in
November after the government introduced a ranges of steps to keep prices in
check, according to an index released Thursday.
Chinese shares slide on rate hike speculation
Chinese shares fell at midday Thursday on speculation that the country's central
bank would raise interest rates this weekend to help stem inflation.
Chinese military delegation leaves for China-U.S. defense
consultations
A Chinese military delegation left Beijing Thursday morning for the United
States to attend the 11th annual round of defense consultations, said China's
Ministry of National Defense.
Construction on world's 3rd tallest building starts in C. China
Construction on what will be the world's third tallest building started
Wednesday in central China's Wuhan City, capital of Hubei Province, a spokesman
for the developer said Thursday.
China cultural news in brief: Tomb of official; Bilingual
education; Park for mudslide-leveled  county
The following are highlights of China's cultural and archeological news reported
Thursday.
1st Ld Writethru: Death toll rises to 26 in central China coal
mine gas blast
The death toll due to a gas explosion Tuesday night in a coal mine in central
China's Henan Province has risen to 26, local rescue headquarters said
Wednesday.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.88 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved down 206.08 points, or 0.88 percent, to close Wednesday's
morning session at 23,222.07 points.
New amusement park with Monkey King-themed elements opens in east
China city
Fantawild Dream Kingdom, a theme park in Wuhu City in east China's Anhui
Province featuring amusement facilities with Chinese elements like the legendary
Monkey King, opened on a trial basis Wednesday.
China stocks close down Wednesday
Chinese shares closed lower Wednesday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index down 0.95 percent, or 27.32 points, to end at 2,848.55.
Shanghai stock indices close mixed -- Dec. 8
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,848.55 Wednesday, down 27.32 points, or 0.95 percent, from the previous
close.
Shenzhen stock indices close mixed -- Dec. 8
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower
Wednesday to end at 12,615.41 points, down 41.58 points, or 0.33 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec.8
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,171.88 points Wednesday, down 28.46 points, or 0.89
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 8
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, fell
1.45 points, or 0.13 percent, to close at 1,160.24 on Wednesday.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 8
China's stock index futures closed lower Wednesday with the contract for
December, the most actively traded, down 1.92 percent from the previous trading
day to end at 3,159.6 points.
China's homegrown 100 pct-low-floor light rail vehicle passes
tests
China's self-developed 100-percent- low-floor light rail vehicle (LRV) has
passed safety tests and will likely go into use next year, the LRV manufacturer
said Wednesday.
2nd LD-Writethru: Death toll rises to 26 in central China coal
mine gas blast
The death toll from a gas explosion in a coal mine in central China's Henan
Province Tuesday has risen to 26, local rescue headquarters said Wednesday.
Hong Kong stocks close 1.43 pct lower
Hong Kong stocks closed down 335.63 points, or 1.43 percent, at 23,092.52 on
Wednesday.
Taiwan stocks close down 0.01 pct
Taiwan's share prices closed lower Wednesday with the weighted index down 0.6
points, or 0.01 percent, to close at 8,703.79, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
China turns out first solar-powered air conditioner, first batch
goes to American  market
China's first solar-powered air conditioner that can also send excess
electricity to the power grid began rolling off a Gree Electric Appliances
production line Wednesday.
1st LD Writethru: China stocks down amid caution ahead of
economic figures
Chinese shares fell Wednesday as investors exercised caution amid expectations
of a rate hike around this weekend and reports of property tax trials in major
cities as soon as next year.
China Economic News in Brief: China shipbuilding, Jilin inter-
city train, Shanxi  railway, Tibet rural tourism
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
5.7-magnitude earthquake hits Kyrgyzstan
An earthquake measuring 5.7 on the Richter scale jolted Kyrgyzstan at 16:21
Beijing Time (08:21 GMT) Wednesday, according to the China Earthquake Networks
Center.
China to float 30-year book-entry T-bonds at yield of 4.23 pct
China's Ministry of Finance said here Wednesday that it will sell a batch of
30-year long-term book- entry treasury bonds this week at a yield of 4.23
percent.
Three killed in ironworks accident in east China
Three workers died and five others were injured Wednesday after a container of
molten iron spilled at an ironworks in east China's Shandong Province.
HK lowers influenza response level
The government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region announced on
Wednesday that the response level for a possible avian influenza outbreak has
been lowered from "serious" to "alert".
Roundup: HK stocks down 1.43 pct as heavy weights fall
Hong Kong stocks went down 1.43 percent on Wednesday as heavy weights fared
badly.
Foxconn paves way for production base in central China
Foxconn Electronics, the Chinese manufacturer of gadgets like Apple's iPad,
Wednesday signed an agreement with the government of Hunan Province to set up
production and research bases in the central China province.
HK's LegCo to read reform bill on chief executive election
The Chief Executive Election (Amendment) Bill and the Legislative Council
(LegCo) Amendment Bill will be tabled at LegCo for the first and second reading
on Dec. 15, said the government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
on Wednesday.
Anti-speculation measures proved effective: HK official
Overheating in the residential property market has cooled in recent weeks,
suggesting the government's new anti-speculation measures were working, said a
senior official of the government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region.
HK's securities watchdog to change CEO
Hong Kong's Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) announced Wednesday that its
Chief Executive Officer Martin Wheatley will leave the commission next summer.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 8
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 8:
Four dead, 19 injured in bus-car crash in north China
Four people were killed and 19 injured Wednesday after a bus collided with a car
on a highway in north China's Shanxi Province, local police said.
China, Chile celebrate 40th anniversary of diplomatic ties
China and Chile on Wednesday celebrated the 40th anniversary of diplomatic ties
at a reception in Beijing.
China Economic News in Brief: Beijing land price; Dalian Port
listing; FAW-VW's new  products
The following are China economic news items in brief.
Chinese research ship embarks on year-long global voyage
The Chinese scientific research ship Dayang Yihao, or Ocean One, set sail here
Wednesday, starting a 376-day global trip that will take it across the Pacific,
Atlantic and Indian oceans.
China,EU discuss non-proliferation cooperation
Around 100 government officials, experts, scholars and business representatives
from China and the European Union  gathered in Beijing from Monday to Wednesday,
exchanging views on non-proliferation export control policies.
Nine dead, 19 injured in two bus-car crashes in China
Nine people were killed and 19 injured in two separate road accidents Wednesday,
one in northwestern China's Xinjiang region and the other in northern Shanxi
Province.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index down 1.44 pct -- Dec. 8
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange went down
186.38 points, or 1.44 percent, to close at 12,735.86 on Wednesday.
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong -- Dec. 8
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 156 HK dollars to close at 12,908 HK
dollars per tael on Wednesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
China raises the compensation rate of work-related injury
insurance
China has raised the compensation to be paid through work-related injury
insurance during a regular meeting of the State Council chaired by Premier Wen
Jiabao on Wednesday.
Brazilian Vale debut as first depository receipts trading in HK
Brazilian miner Vale started trading on the Hong Kong stock exchange on
Wednesday in the form of Hong Kong depositary receipts (HDR), the first company
to list HDR in the city after a regulatory framework for the issue of these
securities was established 2008.
1st LD-Writethru: Seven injured in pesticide plant blast in E.
China
Seven people were injured in an explosion Wednesday morning at a pesticide plant
in east China's Shandong Province.
China Focus: Chinese legal experts challenge U.S. court's ruling
over Green Dam suit
Chinese legal experts said Wednesday that a lawsuit filed against Chinese
Internet-filtering software, Green Dam, should be heard in China instead of the
U.S., challenging a U.S. court's rejection of a request to dismiss the lawsuit.
China, Austria militaries seek further cooperation
A senior Chinese military officer said here Wednesday that the Chinese and
Austrian militaries should look to further advance bilateral ties.
Chinese defense minister meets Philippine guest
Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie met here Wednesday with Ricardo David,
Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces of the Philippines.
Chinese vice president urges officials to help common people more
Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping has urged local officials to improve their
work to help the common people during an inspection tour to the southwest
municipality of Chongqing from Dec. 6 to 8.
China strengthens auditing to evaluate officials'  performance in
fulfilling economic  responsibilities
BEIJING, Dec. 8 (Xinhua) - China has issued a regulation on auditing economic
responsibilities of government and Communist Party officials and managers of
state-owned enterprises.
China Exclusive: W.I.S.E. - SSE 50 China Tracker debuts on Taiwan
bourse, mainland's  economic fruits shared
The W.I.S.E. - SSE 50 China Tracker was listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange
Wednesday, which would become a popular investment instrument by helping local
investors follow stock market movements in the Chinese mainland and share the
benefits of the mainland's economic growth.
Six confirmed dead in bus-car crash in NW China
Six people were killed and four injured in a bus-car crash in Bortala Mongolian
Autonomous Prefecture, northwestern China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region on
Wednesday, local police have confirmed.
China reiterates firm support for Sudan's peace process
China reiterated its commitment to support Sudan's peace process, stressing that
peace, stability and development of the country were of pivotal importance.
Chinese vice premier pledges further dialogue, exchange,
cooperation with U.S.
China will work with the United States to enhance dialogue, exchanges and
cooperation, properly handle differences and sensitive issues to push forward
bilateral ties, Vice Premier Li Keqiang said here Wednesday.
Top political advisor encourages entrepreneurship among overseas-
educated Chinese
China's top political advisor Jia Qinglin has called on overseas-educated
Chinese talents to contribute to the country's development by returning home and
starting businesses.
China Focus: Blast probe finds coal mine operated illegally with
alleged official  collusion
The coal mine where 26 miners were killed in a gas explosion on Tuesday had been
operating without permission and the mine's shoddy safety conditions evaded
supervision due to possible collusion between work safety officials and mine
bosses, investigators said Wednesday.
U.S. soldier killed in Iraq
A U.S. soldier was killed on Wednesday during operations in southern Iraq, the
U.S. military said Thursday.
No more negotiations with Israel if settlement construction
continues: Abbas
Cairo, Dec. 9 (Xinhua) -- Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas iterated Thursday
there will be no further negotiations with Israel as long as it doesn't freeze
the settlement construction, local media reported.
Turkish police seizes large amount of heroin
Turkey's counter-narcotic teams confiscated large amount of heroin in southeast
of the country on Thursday, semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
Iran to take nuclear assassination case to UN: MP
An Iranian lawmaker said the Iranian Majlis (Parliament) will take up the case
of the recent terror attacks against two Iranian scientists with the United
Nations, the local satellite Press TV reported on Thursday.
PLO to decide Palestinian position after settlement freeze
dropped
The decision-making body of Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) will meet
Friday after Washington could not persuade Israel to halt building Jewish
settlements in the West Bank, an official announced Thursday.
Iran to resist U.S. sanction pressures: deputy FM
Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Ali Fathollahi said his country will never
succumb to the pressure of U.S.-led sanctions and noted the moves were proven to
be " ineptitude", local satellite Press TV reported Thursday.
U.S. working to resuscitate Israeli-Palestinian indirect talks:
source
Israeli officials close to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu are expressing
satisfaction over the fact that the issue of a building freeze in the West Bank
is off the agenda between Israel and the United States.
Four people killed in Baghdad violence
Four people were killed and three others wounded in separate gunfire attacks in
Baghdad on Thursday, police said.
Iran not to discuss nuclear issues in Istanbul talks: MP
A senior Iranian lawmaker said Tehran will not discuss its "inalienable" nuclear
rights with the five UN Security Council permanent members plus Germany (G5+1)
in the next round of talks in Istanbul, local satellite Press TV reported on
Thursday.
Tunisia to host 2nd Arab-Japanese Economic Forum
Tunisia will host the second Arab- Japanese Economic Forum jointly organized by
the Arab League and Japan on Saturday and Sunday in Tunis, the official press
agency TAP reported Thursday.
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,359 points on
Thursday, dropping by one point from Wednesday's finish.
Syria rejects U.S. report on religious freedom
The Syrian Foreign Ministry rejected the U.S. annual report released by the
State Department on religious freedom, saying the report ignores that Syria is
the most secular state in the region, the Syrian Damascus Press news website
reported Thursday.
Turkey attaches importance to enhancing ties with Kuwait:
Parliament Speaker
Turkish Parliament Speaker Mehmet Ali Sahin said Thursday that Turkey has
attached importance to enhancing its relations with Gulf countries, particularly
relations with Kuwait, Turkish media reported.
Top Palestinian negotiator heads to U.S. for new Mideast peace
ideas
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat headed to Washington Thursday to
discuss "U.S. ideas" over efforts to revive Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, a
Palestinian official said.
Roundup: Gulf Arab Market ends week in stutter mode
The Dubai market DFM closed 0.45 percent lower on Thursday at 1,692.83 points.
Market bellwether Emaar Properties declined 0.80 percent, closing at 3.74 Dirham
( around one U.S. Dollar). Trading volumes plummeted over 50 percent as some
96.7 million shares changed hands.
Turkey, Syria, Jordan, Lebanon to set up strategic cooperation
mechanism: FM
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Thursday that a regional strategic
cooperation mechanism among Turkey, Syria, Jordan and Lebanon is going to be set
up.
Roundup: Palestinians refuse to resume talks after US halt
settlement talks with Israel
by Emad Drimly, Saud Abu Ramadan
Arab security officials discuss anti-crime, terrorism policies in
Tunisia
Arab interior ministers gathered in Tunis on Wednesday and Thursday for the 34th
Conference of Arab Police and Security Officials to discuss anti-crime policies
and ways of combating cyber terrorism and human trafficking.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 9
A U.S. soldier was killed on Wednesday during operations in southern Iraq, the
U.S. military said Thursday.
Kuwait FM calls for abiding law to end political disputes
Kuwaiti Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammad Sabah Al-Salem Al-Sabah Thursday called
for honoring the country's laws to end the recent political tensions in the oil-
rich emirate.
45 flooding communities in Australia declared natural disaster
zones
Severe flooding across New South Wales (NSW) and Queensland of Australia
resulted in 45 local government areas being declared natural disaster zones.
Australia announces 78.7 mln USD climate funding for Pacific
nations
The Australian federal government on Friday announced 78.7 million U.S. dollars
of support measures to help Pacific nations threatened by climate change.
Dollar in upper 83 yen zone in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 83 yen level early Friday in Tokyo.
Japan's big manufacturers' sentiment turns pessimistic in Oct-Dec
Sentiment about business conditions at large Japanese manufactures turned bleak
in the latest quarter, a joint survey by the Ministry of Finance and the
Economic and Social Research Institute showed Friday.
Japan's wholesale prices rise 0.9 pct on year in Nov.
Japan's wholesale prices rose 0.9 percent in November from a year earlier, the
Bank of Japan said in a report on Friday.
Myanmar destroys over 790 hectares poppy plantations
The Myanmar authorities destroyed 796.7 hectares of illicit poppy plantations in
one week in the country bringing the total spoiled to 1,354 hectares as of Dec.
6 from Sept. 1 of the 2010-11 poppy cultivation season, an official daily
reported Friday.
Australian scientists in peanut allergy treatment breakthrough
Australian scientists have identified peanut proteins that could be translated
into the world 's first treatment for the often lethal food allergy, said
Professor Robyn O'Hehir from Melbourne's The Alfred hospital and Monash
University on Friday.
Indonesia, Japan sign economic development MoU
Indonesia and Japan signed on Friday a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on
economic development cooperation under the Metropolitan Priority Area (MPA)
program, local media reported.
Muslim rebels to boycott exploratory talks with Philippine
government
A senior official of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) said Friday that
they might boycott next week's scheduled exploratory talks with the Philippine
government if Kuala Lumpur will not sent them an official notice.
Thousands of homes in South Australia still without power after
storms
About 4,000 homes across South Australia are still without power on Thursday,
after the severe storms wreak havoc across states of Australia, the ABC News.
Urgent: Thai court drops case against PM's Democrat Party
Thai Constitution Court on Thursday drops case against Prime Minister Abhisit
Vejjajiva's Democrat Party which was accused of concealing the reception of
donation from a Thai private company.
Thai security tightened on "red-shirt" rally on Friday
Thailand's Center for the Resolution of Emergency Situation (CRES) has ordered
security agencies to closely monitor the situation on Friday as the "red- shirt"
will hold mass gathering in Bangkok, an army commander said on Thursday.
India to deepen strategic cooperation in counter-terrorism with
EU: PM
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Thursday India will work with the
European Union (EU) to deepen strategic cooperation in counter-terrorism and
other " non-traditional" threats to security.
Moderate quake rocks Timot-Leste
An earthquake of 5.2 magnitude jolted Timor-Leste on Thursday, the Indonesian
Meteorology and Geophysics Agency reported here.
China energy giant CNOOC signs gas deal with Australia's Exoma
Energy
Australia's Exoma Energy Ltd has signed an agreement with Chinese energy giant
China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) to sell a 50 percent interest in
its gas exploration permits in Queensland's Galilee Basin, the Brisbane based
oil and gas exploration company announced on Thursday.
Nearly 200,000 officials required to declare assets next month in
Cambodia
About 200,000 Cambodian officials will be required to declare their personal
assets next month, said the Chairman of the Anti-Corruption Unit (ACU), Om
Yintieng on Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: Thai court drops case against PM's Democrat
Party
Thailand's Constitution Court on Thursday droped a case against Prime Minister
Abhisit Vejjajiva's Democrat Party, which was accused of concealing the
reception of donation from a Thai private company.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 9
New Zealand's Reserve Bank held the Official Cash Rate at 3 percent, in its
latest review on Thursday.
2nd LD Writethru: Thai court drops case against PM's Democrat
Party
Thailand's Constitution Court on Thursday voted to drop a case against Prime
Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva's Democrat Party, which was accused of concealing the
reception of donation from a Thai private company.
Indonesia, Singapore plans to resume war plane pilot course
Indonesian Vice President Boediono and Singaporean Deputy Prime Minister Teo
Chee Hean held talks on Thursday, planning to resume high level course for war
plane pilots of the two countries, vice presidential Yopie Hidayat said here.
Indian Mujahideen re-emerging as potential security threat to
India
While the Indian central government and the state government of Uttar Pradesh
were blaming each other over Tuesday's bomb blast here, both seemed to have
ignored the re-emergence of the terror outfit Indian Mujahideen, said local
analysts Thursday.
Australian dollar ends higher
The Australian dollar ended higher on Thursday after shooting up almost one U.S.
cent on the release of stronger than expected employment figures.
Arrest warrant issued for Thai "red-shirt" leader, opposition
party MP
Thai Criminal Court on Thursday morning issued an arrest warrant for the core
"red-shirt" leader and the opposition party MP Jatuporn Prompan for failing to
testify in a defamation case filed by the PM.
Indonesia commemorates Anti-Corruption Day with carnival
Commemorating the International Anti- Corruption Day that falls on Thursday,
several Indonesian anti- graft watchdogs conducted carnival in the city's
landmark places, urging the authority to put harsher measures on corrupters.
Roundup: S. Korea's central bank freezes key rate at 2.5 pct
by Na, Haejung
Roundup: Rising crime rate alarming in Pakistani capital
by Syed Moazzam Hashmi
India to protest envoy humiliating pat-down at U.S. airport
India is planning to lodge a protest with the United States government over a
humiliating pat- down of its ambassador at an American airport by security
agencies, sources said Thursday.
Cambodia marks anti-human trafficking day
Cambodia marked the national anti- human trafficking day on Thursday, calling
for more serious punishment on perpetrators of human trafficking and sexual
exploitation.
Indonesia reaffirms support for Timor Leste to join ASEAN next
year
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono conveyed his government's full
support for Timor Leste' s intention to join the Association of South East Asian
Nations ( ASEAN) next year, local media reported on Thursday.
U.S. urges Japan to deepen involvement in tripartite military
cooperation
The United States' top military officer Navy Admiral Mike Mullen said on
Thursday that increasing trilateral cooperation between the United States, Japan
and South Korea is urgent in light of recent tensions on the Korean Peninsular,
although he maintained that any reaction should be considered and not aimed at
escalating conflict.
Nikkei rises 0.52 pct to 7-month high
Tokyo stocks closed higher Thursday with the key Nikkei index up 0.52 percent.
Fiji cancels human right march because of U.S. warning
The Fijian authorities on Thursday announced a cancellation of the annual
Coalition of Human Rights march planned for Friday in the capital Suva, saying
the march would be canceled because of U.S. warning.
Malaysia manufacturing sales revenue up 2.9 pct in Oct.
Malaysia's manufacturing sector registered a sales revenue of 45.9 billion
ringgit in October 2010, up 2.9 percent year on year, according to Malaysian
Statistics Department.
Cambodian youth vow to help government to save tigers
After attending a long and productive "International Youth Tiger Summit" in
Russia last month, Cambodian delegates and youth have vowed to follow up their
efforts in urging their government leaders to save tigers.
Fiji's corruption watchdog advises people not to be tempted by
easy money
Suva, Dec. 9 (Xinhua) -- As the world marks International Anti- Corruption Day,
Fiji's anti-corruption watchdog, Fiji Independent Commission Against Corruption
(FICAC) , has strongly advised people not to be tempted by easy money.
Roundup: S. Korean shares close higher
Seoul shares closed higher Thursday, rising to the highest level in 2010 and
settling a three-year high, analysts said.
Malaysia's industrial production index up 3 pct in Oct.
Malaysia's Industrial Production Index (IPI) rose 3 percent year on year in
October 2010 due to increases of manufacturing and electricity indices, said
statistics department.
Indonesia reports bird flu, influenza A/H1N1 cases
Indonesian Health Ministry has reported one bird flu case and one influenza
A/H1N1 case in West Java province, spokesperson of the ministry Tri Tarayati
said here on Thursday.
Roundup: Profit-takers pull down Philippine equities
Profit takers pulled down the Philippine market on Thursday on lack of leads.
Thai police to deploy during anti-government red-shirt rally on
Friday
More than 1,000 police will be deployed in areas where the red-shirt plans to
hold a rally on Friday, police spokesman said on Thursday.
Roundup: Nikkei rises 0.5 pct on strong GDP data, financials lead
gains
Tokyo stocks extended gains Thursday, with the key Nikkei stock index closing up
0.5 percent as government data revealed Japan's economy grew faster than
expected and the yen retreated against the U.S. dollar.
Democracy not enough for gaining prosperity: Indonesian president
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono warned on Thursday that democracy
was not enough for gaining prosperity and advancing development, but it must
also be completed with rule of law, unity and hard work, media reported here.
Vietnam earns 10 bln USD from garment, textile exports in first
11 months
Vietnam earned 10.04 billion U.S. dollars from garment and textile export in the
first eleven months this year, up 22.6 percent year-on-year, said a report of
the General Statistics Office on Thursday.
Over 2,400 rape cases recorded in Malaysia in first 8 months
A total of 2,426 rape cases have been recorded in the first eight months of 2010
in Malaysia, a Malaysian official said on Thursday.
Singapore shares end 0.23 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 7.4 points or 0.23 percent on Thursday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,210.2 points.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific News Summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 9
Thai Criminal Court on Thursday morning issued an arrest warrant for the core
"red-shirt" leader and the opposition party MP Jatuporn Prompan for failing to
testify in a defamation case filed by the PM.
Dollar falls to upper 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar dipped to the upper 83 yen level in Tokyo Thursday.
Roundup: Bangladesh sees robust import rise in Q1 amid
merchandise export boom
Bangladesh's overall imports surged 42.66 percent to nearly seven billion U.S.
dollars in the first quarter of the current 2010-11 fiscal year to be ended next
June amid merchandise export boom from the country, officials said Thursday.
1st Vietnam-China People Friendship Festival to open
The first Vietnam-China People Friendship Festival is going to open in Vietnam's
capital city of Hanoi on December 10, said Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign
Affairs spokeswoman Nguyen Phuong Nga at a press briefing here on Thursday.
Sri Lankan navy celebrates jubilee
A week long celebrations for the Sri Lankan navy's 60th anniversary culminated
here Thursday under the presence of President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
Thai security authority to propose cabinet to lift emergency
decree
Thai special security authority will propose to the cabinet to lift the state of
emergency in Bangkok and three surrounded provinces, official said on Thursday.
Vietnamese government protests WWF's decision on Vietnamese
catfish
Vietnamese government strongly protested the decision of World Wildlife Fund
(WWF) on naming Vietnamese catfish in the Red List in a handbook for seafood
consumption, according to Nguyen Phuong Nga, Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign
Affairs Spokeswoman at a press briefing here on Thursday.
Sri Lankan child missing in 2004 Tsunami found
An infant missing after the December 2004 South Asian Tsunami tragedy has now
been traced, officials said Thursday.
Malaysia tin market closes higher
The local tin market closed higher on Thursday, and the trading volume rose
compared with Wednesday.
Indian stocks close 2.31 pct lower
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex slumped 454.12 points or 2.31 percent Thursday
on concerns over foreign funds outflow.
ASEAN Community Statistical System Committee to be established
next year
The committee for the ASEAN Community Statistical System (ACSS) will be
established next year, according to a declaration passed at the eleventh ASEAN
Heads of Statistical Offices Meeting that closed here Thursday.
Pakistani zoo plans renting two pandas from China
On the rising public demand, administration of the Pakistan's biggest Zoo in the
eastern city of Lahore has decided to rent a pair of pandas from China very
soon, local media reported on Thursday.
Interview: Returning endangered species to forest needs
integrated steps
by Cundoko Aprilianto
Xinhua Asia-Pacific summary of stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 9
The Philippine market closed 0.27 percent lower on Thursday.
Harmful traditional practices violate Afghan women rights
widespread: UN report
In the war-torn Afghanistan the harmful traditional practices that violate the
human rights of Afghan women are pervasive, a report released by UN Assistance
Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA) Thursday said.   "Based on extensive research
discussions and interviews carried out in 2010 in nearly all 34 provinces of
Afghanistan with women, men, government authorities, religious leaders and
community groups, UNAMA Human Rights department found that such practices are
widespread," Georgette Gagnon Director of Human Rights of UNAMA told reporters
in a press conference here.
South Korean president arrives in Malaysia
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has arrived in Malaysia for a two-day visit
in conjunction with the 50th anniversary of diplomatic relations between both
countries.
Urgent: 18 de-miners abducted in east Afghanistan
Unknown armed men abducted 18 de-miners in Khost province east of Afghanistan on
Thursday, police said.
Roundup: Thai PM cleared from legal encumbrances after court
ruling
By Sinfah Tunsarawuth
No major headway in Varanasi blast probe
Although the investigating agencies have more or less established that terror
outfit Indian Mujahideen (IM) was behind Tuesday's blast in Varanasi, the
northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh's government said Thursday that no major
breakthrough has been made so far.
Bangladesh's annual average inflation rises to 8.12 pct
Bangladesh's annual average inflation rate leaped to 8.12 percent in September,
third month of the current fiscal year ending June 2011, official statistics
showed Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: 18 deminers abducted in east Afghanistan
Unknown armed men abducted 18 de-miners in Khost province in eastern Afghanistan
on Thursday, provincial police chief Abdul Hakim Isaqzai said.
Indian police defuse crude bombs in northern state
Indian police Thursday claimed to have defused three crude bombs in the northern
state of Uttar Pradesh, barely two days after a blast killed a baby girl and
injured 35 others in the state's holy town of Varanasi.
S.Korea reports first two cases of "superbug"
South Korea's health ministry on Thursday reported the nation's first two cases
of multi-drug resistant bacteria "superbug", a bacteria carrying the New Delhi
metallo-lactamase-1 (NDM-1) gene.
Australia's Uluru is awesome: Oprah Winfrey
U.S. talk show host Oprah Winfrey on Thursday described Uluru of Australia as
"awesome".
Indian left-wing parties condemn Varanasi blast, urge fight
against extremists
India's left-wing parties Thursday condemned the bomb blast in the holy town of
Varanasi, asking the "secular forces to isolate the communal forces that have
become the breeding grounds for extremist violence.
Roundup: Pakistan's KSE sheds 0.52 pct on profit-selling
After a momentous surge on Wednesday, investors at Pakistan's Karachi Stock
Exchange (KSE) resorted to book profits at higher levels on Thursday which
forced the index to shed the psychological 11,600 levels.
Myanmar FM meets U.S. high official
Myanmar Foreign Minister U Nyan Win met with visiting Deputy Assistant Secretary
of State for East Asia and the Pacific of the United States Joseph Y. Yun in Nay
Pyi Taw Thursday, Myanmar's state radio and television reported.
Kathmandu Int'l Mountain Film Festival begins
The 8th Kathmandu International Mountain Film Festival (KIMFF) opened here
Thursday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific News Summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 9
Unknown armed men abducted 18 de-miners in Khost province in eastern Afghanistan
on Thursday, provincial police chief Abdul Hakim Isaqzai said.
AU lifts sanctions on Guinea: report
The African Union has lifted sanctions imposed on Guinea after a coup d'etat two
years ago, media reports said Thursday.
UN starts pulling out "non essential" staff from Cote d'Ivoire
The United Nations Operation in Cote d'Ivoire (ONUCI) has started pulling out
its "non essential" personnel from the country.
Feature: Fraud cases involving use of credit card soars in Kenya
by Bedah Mengo
Zambian residents opposed to mining project near game park
Some residents of Zambia's Chongwe district in Lusaka province have rejected a
mining project to be established near a game park, saying it will affect tourism
in the area, the Zambia Daily Mail reported on Thursday.
PTA Bank raises 300 mln USD through issuance of Eurobond
The PTA Bank has raised 300 million U.S.dollars through issuance of a Eurobond
that had been trading at the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to meet financing
requirements of growing enterprises in the Eastern and Southern African region,
the Post of Zambia reported on Thursday.
Cote d'Ivoire's Ouattara urges Gbagbo to quit
Alassane Ouattara, who claims to have won Cote d'Ivoire's presidential elections
and boasts international support, urges his rival incumbent President Laurent
Gbagbo to hand over power peacefully to avoid bloodshed in the country,
according to information monitored here on Thursday.
Nigeria poll machines stolen at Lagos airport
An Undisclosed number of the Direct Data Capture (DDC) machines for the
registration of voters for the 2011 elections in Nigeria were allegedly stolen
at the Lagos Murtala Muhammed International Airport.
South African government wants prosecutions in UK tourist murder
case
All suspects in the murder of a UK tourist near Cape Town must be prosecuted,
the South African government said on Thursday.
Mozambique, Norway tax authorities sign memorandum
Mega projects in particularly the extractive industry will register a different
experience soon, after the memorandum of understanding signed on Wednesday in
the Mozambican capital Maputo with Norway Tax Administration.
Ugandan military refutes allegations of training militias for
2011 general elections
The Ugandan military on Thursday refuted allegations by the opposition that it
is training over 9, 500 militias that will be used by the ruling National
Resistance Movement to cause violence during next year's general election.
Severe polio cases reported in DR Congo
Severe cases of polio have been reported in the town of Kikwit, Bandundu
province of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo), where at least 36
people were reportedly affected by the disease, including 15 dead in the
incidence.
South Africa launches space agency
South Africa on Thursday entered a new space era with the official launch of the
South African National Space Agency (SANSA) at a function in Midrand, north of
Johannesburg.
South African farmers warned of volatility in 2011
South African farmers will have to manage price and production volatility if
they want to be successful in 2011, according to a survey released in Centurion
near Pretoria on Thursday.
WFP, OIC agree to work together in Somalia
The Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) and UN World Food Programme
(WFP) have agreed to launch a joint humanitarian programme to assist displaced
people in the Afgooye corridor southwest of the Somali capital Mogadishu.
Urgent: African Union suspends Cote d'Ivoire over election
dispute: media
The African Union (AU) has suspended the membership of Cote d'Ivoire, amid
intense power struggle between Laurent Gbagbo and Alassane Ouattara, who both
swore themselves in as president of the country after a disputed presidential
run-off, media reports said Thursday.
1st LD: African Union suspends Cote d'Ivoire over election
dispute: media
The African Union (AU) has suspended the membership of Cote d'Ivoire, amid
intense power struggle between Laurent Gbagbo and Alassane Ouattara, who both
swore themselves in as president of the country after a disputed presidential
run-off, media reports said Thursday.
AU suspends Cote d'Ivoire membership
The Peace and Security Council of the African Union (AU), at its 252nd meeting,
held on Thursday, suspended the participation of Cote d'Ivoire in all AU
activities, until such a time the democratically-elected president effectively
assumes state power.
Oil pumping resumes at full capacity via BTC pipeline: BP
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan (BTC) pipeline has resumed pumping oil at its full
capacity after a leak of oil near Erzurum in Turkey has been fixed, British
Petroleum ( BP) said on Thursday.
Russian stocks close up
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Thursday with both key indexes
correcting up.
2nd LD-Writethru: U.S. wholesale inventories, sales edge up in
October
U.S. inventories at the wholesale level rose 1.9 percent in October from
September, and sales continued to pick up momentum, the U.S. Department of
Commerce's Thursday figures revealed.
Feature: Multicultural mix of Texas students study art with
Chinese master
by BETTY L. MARTIN
Brazil backs plan to build memorial for victims of slavery at UN
headquarters
Brazil on Thursday voiced its strong support for plans to build and place a
permanent memorial at the UN headquarters in New York, commemorating the victims
of slavery and the transatlantic slave trade.
Obama announces first steps toward implementation of new U.S.
export control system
U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday announced the administration had
released a series of regulations and requests for comments as part of the
implementation of the new U.S. export control system and was seeking public
comments, a move to further support U.S. firms' export efforts.
U.S. stocks turn mixed despite upbeat economic data
U.S. stocks turned mixed on Thursday even as government reports showed more
signs of recovery.
U.S. needs serious plan to restrain long-term spending: deficit
commission
U.S. President Barack Obama should launch negotiations with congressional
leaders when Congress returns in January on critical steps of establishing a
serious fiscal responsibility plan for the long term, the National Commission on
Fiscal Responsibility and Reform said on Thursday.
Belarus vows to ratify single economic space agreements before
2011
Belarus will ratify all legal agreements concerning its Common Economic Space
(CES) with Russia and Kazakhstan before Jan. 1, 2011, said the country's leader
Alexander Lukashenko here Thursday.
UN chief calls on global business leaders to fight corruption
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday called on business leaders
worldwide to denounce corruption and institute measures to combat the vice, in
line with the United Nations convention against graft, saying corruption
distorted markets and hindered economic growth.
U.S. Senate delays consideration of DREAM Act
U.S. Senate voted on Thursday to delay the consideration of a measure to give
tens of thousands of young illegal immigrants a path to legal status.
NASA's Odyssey to become longest serving orbiter at Mars
NASA's Mars Odyssey orbiter will have worked longer at Mars than any other
spacecraft in history, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) announced on
Thursday.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Thursday with the leading FTSE 100
index up by 13.43 points, or 0.23 percent, at 5,807.96 points.
British House of Commons approves university tuition fee rise
British coalition government's controversial plan to raise university tuition
fee in England was approved by the House of Commons on Thursday, clearing the
last hurdle to treble the cap of tuition fee.
U.S. threatens sanctions against Cote d'Ivoire over election
dispute
The United States on Thursday threatened sanctions against Cote d'Ivoire over
its election dispute.
Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan to launch single economic space in
2012
The presidents of Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan agreed here Thursday to launch
the Common Economic Space (CES) of the Customs Union on Jan. 1, 2012.
Social, political changes needed to boost Burundi's economy: UN
official
To let Burundi's economy ascend, non-economic conditions need to put in place,
Paul Seger, chair of the Burundi configuration, said here Thursday.
UN chief stresses global responsibility to prevent genocide
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday stressed that the prevention of
genocide is a global responsibility, saying that when States fail to protect
their populations, the international community must step in and act.
Urgent: Authorities begin burning explosive-laden house near San
Diego
Authorities began burning an explosive-laden house near San Diego on Thursday.
U.S. life expectancy slightly decreases
U.S. life expectancy dropped slightly in 2008 after mostly increasing over the
years, according to a new report released by the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) on Thursday.
Greece due to return to growth in 2011: EU official
Greek economy is on the right track to return to growth in 2011, making
impressive progress on fiscal adjustment and structural reforms over the past
six months, said European Commissioner of Economic and Monetary Affairs Olli
Rehn on Thursday during a visit to Athens.
Developing countries to attract 416 billion U.S. dollars FDI in
2010: World Bank
Net foreign direct investment flows (FDI) into developing countries are
projected to increase by 17 percent to reach 416 billion U.S. dollars this year,
as global investors are optimistic about prospects for a global economic
recovery led by the developing world, a World Bank Thursday report revealed.
1st Ld: Authorities begin burning explosives-laden house near San
Diego
Authorities on Thursday set fire to a residential house in northern San Diego
County where massive amounts of bomb-making material were found.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. threatens sanctions against Cote d'Ivoire
over election dispute
The United States on Thursday threatened sanctions against Cote d'Ivoire over
its election dispute.
Russia, France ink energy, military agreements
Russia and France inked a package of agreements, including those on energy,
military cooperation here Thursday with an aim to strengthen bilateral economic
ties.
2nd Ld: Authorities burns explosives-laden house near San Diego
Authorities on Thursday set fire to a residential house in northern San Diego
County where massive amounts of bomb-making material were found.
Urgent: Gold picks up on downgrade of Ireland sovereign credit
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on
Thursday rebounded from a 2- day dip, as concerns over EU debt crisis
intensified after Fitch Ratings downgraded the sovereign credit of Ireland.
Putin's new puppy named Buffy
The five-year-old Muscovite boy Dima Sokolov on Thursday gave a new name "Buffy"
to the new pet of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin.
Russia says U.S. air force in Poland harms others' security
Russia said Thursday the deployment of a U.S. Air Force unit on a Polish air
base will harm security of other countries.
Wriththru: Authorities torch explosives-laden house near San
Diego
Authorities on Thursday set fire to a residential house in northern San Diego
County where massive amounts of bomb-making material were found.
Urgent: Crude prices edge up on positive economic data
Crude prices gained Thursday on positive economic data after falling for two
consecutive days. Light, sweet crude for January delivery was up 9 cents to
88.37 U. S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile.
France invites ILO to G20 summit
French President Nicolas Sarkzoy confirmed Thursday that the International Labor
Organization has been closely associated with France's presidency of the G20 and
will invite it to attend the G20 summit scheduled for late 2011.
Colombian rescuers find 53 bodies after landslide
Colombian rescuers have found 53 bodies after a landslide in the northwest of
Colombia, official sources said on Thursday.
Gold picks up on downgrade of Ireland sovereign credit
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on
Thursday rebounded from a 2- day dip, as concerns over EU debt crisis
intensified after Fitch Ratings downgraded the sovereign credit of Ireland.
Global semiconductor sales to grow 9 percent in 2011: IDC
Worldwide semiconductor revenues are expected to reach 303 billion U.S. dollars
in 2011, up 9 percent year over year, research firm IDC predicted on Thursday.
Russia, Japan discuss Korean peninsula situation
Russia on Thursday reiterated the need for joint efforts from all parties
concerned to ease tensions and gradually stabilize situation on the Korean
peninsula.
Crude prices edge up after intraday fluctuation
Crude oil prices ended slightly up on Thursday after a fluctuating trading day
between gains and losses.
Japan says not to "associate itself" with setting Kyoto
Protocol's second commitment period
The Kyoto Protocol covers only 27 percent of global energy related CO2 emissions
and Japan will not associate itself with setting the second commitment period,
Japanese Environment Minister Ryu Matsumoto said Thursday.
Urgent: Wall Street mixed on different economic reading
Wall Street ended mixed on Thursday on a bunch of different economic readings.
Dow fell, while S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq gained.
Sarkozy says to respect Lebanon Special Tribunal on 2005
assassination
After a working lunch with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the Elysee
Palace, French President Nicolas Sarkozy said on Thursday he would respect
Special Tribunal in Lebanon working on 2005 assassination killing former
Lebanese Prime Minister Rafic Hariri.
Facebook founders pledge to give away wealth to charity
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg and Dustin Moskovitz have joined 15 other
billionaires in a pledge to donate more than half of their wealth to charity,
according to pledges released Thursday.
Sweden to increase contribution to low-income countries in Africa
Sweden announced on Thursday that it would increase its contribution to low-
income African countries through African Development Bank to help infrastructure
construction.
UN urged to step up efforts in commemorating victims of slavery
Cuba on Thursday voiced their firm commitment for the United Nations to step up
efforts to commemorate victims of slavery and the transatlantic slavery in
initiatives that spotlight remembrance.
Roundup: Parties' stands become more clear at Cancun climate
change conference
By Xinhua writers Liu lili, Ren Haijun, Zhao Yan
Urgent: Dollar mixed as Irish debt worries regain attention
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Thursday as Ireland's sovereign debt rating was downgraded and investors
waited for a vote on a rescue package for the country.
Haiti to recount votes due to suspicion of fraud
Haiti's Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) announced on Thursday that it will
do a recount of votes from the country's presidential and legislative elections
on Nov. 28, due to suspicions of fraud in favor of official candidate Jude
Celestin.
South Africans pick strong side for Sevens rugby home leg
South Africa will be fielding a strong team in the home leg of the rugby Sevens
World Series which starts on Friday in George of South Africa's Western Cape
province.
Poll: New York voters recognize state budget a serious problem
A majority of New York state voters considered the state budget a serious
problem, according to a Quinnipiac University poll released on Thursday.
UN chief meets with Israeli defense minister
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday met with visiting Israeli Defense
Minister Ehud Barak at a time the world body regrets that the Israeli government
does not heed the appeal of the international community to extend a freeze on
the Jewish settlement construction in the occupied territory.
Serie A players strike officially called off
The Serie A players' strike planned for this weekend has been cancelled after
the parties concerned reached an agreement on Thursday.
Foreign ministers of N. American states to meet in Canada
Foreign ministers of the United States, Canada and Mexico are scheduled to meet
Monday in Wakefield of Canada, the U.S. State Department said on Thursday.
Backlash expected as South African football sides clash
South African Premier Soccer League (PSL) side Bloemfontein Celtic coach Clinton
Larsen said on Thursday he will be  wary of a backlash when facing Orlando
Pirates in a PSL match on Sunday.
Foreign ministers of N. American states to meet in Canada
Foreign ministers of the United States, Canada and Mexico are scheduled to meet
next Monday in Wakefield of Canada, the U.S. State Department said on Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: Dollar mixed as Irish debt worries regain
attention
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Thursday as Ireland's sovereign debt rating was downgraded and investors
waited for a vote on a rescue package for the country.
Kenya's rugby team out to rectify poor part
Kenya will move swiftly to rectify their poor start in this 2010/2011
International Rugby Board (IRB) Sevens series as the campaign heads to George,
South Africa on Friday.
Mexico president calls for focus on practicalities to reduce
emissions
Mexico's President Felipe Calderon called for nations at the 16th Conference of
the Parties (COP16) to focus on mechanisms that will reduce emissions and halt
the rise in average world temperatures at a public event here on Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: Wall Street mixed on fewer job claims, tax-cut
opposition
Wall Street ended mixed on Thursday on a bunch of economic readings. The Dow
Jones industrial average fell while S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq gained.
South African cricket hero back for final
South African cricket hero AB de Villiers returns to his home ground at
Supersport Park, Centurion, outside Pretoria on Friday for the  Nashua Titans in
their MTN40 final clash against the Chevrolet Knights.
Dutch minister wants FIFA to end "smell of corruption"
Dutch Sports Minister Edith Schippers hopes the world soccer governing body FIFA
will thoroughly improve its image after recent corruption allegations.
France unveils first Espadon minehunting pilotless vessel
The first pilotless vessel of France' s Espadon research study in mine
countermeasure was launched in the northwestern water off the country, French
Defense Ministry said Thursday in a statement.
Urgent: Israel hopes to find "new formula" to move forward peace:
Barak
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak on Thursday voiced his hope to find a new
formula "in coming few weeks" to move forward the Middle East peace process,
including the efforts to address "direct issues" concerning the Palestinian-
Israeli conflict.
EU welcomes humanitarian workers release in Darfur, Sudan
European Union (EU) welcomes the release of three Latvian humanitarian workers
in Darfur, Sudan, the European Commission said here Thursday.
Italy's Parmalat founder sentenced to 18 years in prison over
fraud
Founder and former CEO of Italy's leading food firm Parmalat Calisto Tanzi was
sentenced on Thursday to 18 years in prison for his role in the dairy multi-
national fraud scandal in 2003.
1st Ld: Israel hopes to find "new formula" to move forward peace
process: Barak
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak on Thursday voiced his hope to find a new
formula "in coming few weeks" to move forward the Middle East peace process,
including the efforts to resume the direct peace talks between Palestinans and
Israelis to address "direct issues" concerning the lengthy Midest conflict.
Chicago soybeans drop most this month on slowed exports
Chicago soybeans on Thursday suffered the biggest drop this month, as the
world's demand for U. S. exports has slowed. Corn also crept down while wheat
recouped rise on higher-than-expected exports.
Clinton to address U.S. Middle East policy on think-tank forum
U.S. State Secretary Hillary Clinton is due to give a speech on U.S. Middle East
policy on Friday on a forum held by the Washington-based Brookings Institution,
said a State Department statement on Thursday.
U.S. Senate blocks military gay ban repeal
U.S. Senate on Thursday voted to block an effort to repeal the ban on gays and
lesbians to serve openly in the military, upholding the ban for now.
Dell intends to buy data storage company Compellent
Dell Inc. on Thursday announced that it is in "advanced discussions" to buy
Compellent Technologies Inc., a provider of enterprise storage solutions that
automate the movement and management of data.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Israel hopes to find "new formula" to move
forward peace process: Barak
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak on Thursday voiced his hope to find a new
formula "in coming few weeks" to move forward the Middle East peace process,
including the efforts to resume the direct peace talks between Palestinians and
Israelis to address "direct issues" concerning the lengthy Mideast conflict.
Heavyweight boxing champion Klitschko cancels title defense
Ukrainian heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko cancelled on Thursday the
appointed fight against Derek Chisora on Dec. 11 due to an injury during a
training session.
Italian PM rules out resignation from office, looks ahead to
confidence vote
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Thursday definitely ruled out the
possibility of an early resignation from office and said he would "move on",
looking forward to the confidence vote set for Dec. 14.
Urgent: UN chief stresses need to break current stalemate in
Mideast peace process
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday voiced his concerns about the
Israeli settlement activity in the West Bank and east Jerusalem, and underlined
the need to break "the current diplomatic stalemate and resume negotiations" in
the Middle East peace process.
Canadian stocks rise slightly
Canadian stocks rose slightly on Thursday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index
closed up 14.94 points, or 0. 11 percent, at 13,166.94.
Financial assets rally advances U.S. household wealth in 3Q
U.S. combined household wealth gained nearly 1.2 trillion U.S. dollars in the
third quarter this year advanced by financial assets rally, but real estate
value continued to edge down, U.S. Federal Reserve's Thursday figures revealed.
1st Ld: UN chief underlines need to break current stalemate in
Mideast peace process
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday voiced his concerns about the
Israeli settlement activity in the West Bank and east Jerusalem, and underlined
the need to break "the current diplomatic stalemate and resume negotiations" in
the Middle East peace process.
Corruption in Italy on rise: report
For 65 percent of Italians corruption seriously increased in last three years,
especially among political parties and institutions, said a report issued on
Thursday.
Bloomberg criticizes failure of passing 9/11 health bill
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Thursday criticized the U.S. Senate's
failed vote on 9/11 health bill, calling it "a devastating indictment of
Washington politics."
Most Americans say they are worse off under Obama: poll
More than half of Americans say they are worse off under Obama's two-year
presidency, according to a Bloomberg National Poll released Thursday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: UN chief underlines need to break current
stalemate in Mideast peace process
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday voiced his concerns about the
Israeli settlement activity in the West Bank and east Jerusalem, and underlined
the need to break "the current diplomatic stalemate and resume negotiations" in
the Middle East peace process.
Strike bad advert for football, says Italian Olympics head
Italian Olympic Committee (CONI) President Gianni Petrucci said on Thursday the
Serie A strike would have been "a bad advert for football and its players".
Roundup: British passes controversial university tuition fee rise
as student protests turn  violent
The British coalition government won the vote on Thursday on its plans to
increase tuition fees for universities and colleges by up to three times, but
saw its majority in the House of Commons significantly reduced.
Ukraine to cut number of ministries
Ukraine would cut its number of ministries from 24 to 16, an official from state
service Tymofiy Motrenko said after an economic reforms committee meeting on
Thursday.
Nobel Peace Prize has fallen into disrepute: Norwegian
commentator
Recent Nobel Peace Prize winners indicates the Norwegian Nobel Committee lacked
sound analysis and even disregarded facts, a Norwegian pundit has said in a
recent commentary.
5.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: USGS
An earthquake measuring 5.2 on the Richter scale jolted Pakistan at 2317 GMT on
Thursday (04:17 a.m. Friday local time), the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Chinese bicycle makers urge EU to drop 17-year-old anti-dumping
duties
Chinese bicycle makers Thursday urged the European Union (EU) to drop anti-
dumping duties which have been imposed on their products for 17 years.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 10
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak on Thursday voiced his hope to find a new
formula "in coming few weeks" to move forward the Middle East peace process,
including the efforts to resume the direct peace talks between Palestinians and
Israelis to address "direct issues" concerning the lengthy Mideast conflict.
Stocks close lower in Mexico, Brazil
Two of Latin America's three major stock markets closed lower on Thursday. The
Argentine bourse was closed for holidays.
Stocks close flat in Central America
Central America's three major stock markets closed flat on Thursday.
Bolivia rejects Uribe's accusations about nuclear program
The Bolivian government on Thursday rejected accusations by former Colombian
President Alvaro Uribe that Bolivia and Venezuela were in a nuclear arms race.
Cuban vice president meets Cambodian parliament leader
HAVANA, Dec. 9 (Xinhua)-- Cuban Vice President Esteban Lazo Hernandez on
Thursday met a delegation led by Cambodian parliament President Heng Samrin.
National emergency decalred in Panama over flooding
Panamanian President Ricardo Martinelli declared a national emergency on
Thursday after heavy rains and flooding killed 10 people and displaced over
1,500.
Los Angeles porn industry-funded clinic closed down in wake of
HIV case revelation
Officials from the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health have shut down
a local health clinic aimed at testing and treating adult-film actors and
actresses on Thursday, after an HIV-positive actor criticized the facility for
failing to take good care of him.
Asian American voters in California support pro-immigrant
policies
Asian American voters in California support many pro-immigrant policies and
provided strong support for Democratic candidates in the November 2010 election,
according to a poll released Thursday by the University of Southern California
(USC) College and Los Angeles Times.
Young Dutch hacker arrested for WikiLeaks attacks
A 16-year-old Dutch hacker was arrested for launching cyber attacks on opponents
of WikiLeaks, the Dutch public prosecution said on Thursday.
Sugarcane harvest begins in Cuba
The 2010-2011 sugar harvest began Thursday in Cuba, with the start of grinding
at two sugar mills in the western provinces of Pinar del Rio and Matanzas, said
the official Granma daily.
Panama Canal reopens after 17-hour suspension
The Panama Canal reopened on Thursday after pouring rains forced its closure for
17 hours, the Authority of the Panama Canal (ACP) said.
Chilean president calls for unity to reform prison system
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera on Thursday called on the opposition to
support his project to reform the country's prison system, one day after a fire
killed 81 prisoners and injured 14 in the San Miguel prison south of the Chilean
capital.
Roundup: Decline of students' skills causes recriminations in
Austria
by Liu Gang
U.S. bookseller Borders reports heavy third-quarter loss
U.S. bookseller Borders Group Inc. has fallen victim to fierce competition in
the book industry, announcing Thursday that its third-quarter loss nearly
doubled over same period last year.
Brazil's GDP to grow 8 percent in 2010: finance minister
Brazil's Finance Minister Guido Mantega said Thursday that the country's GDP
will increase 8 percent this year.
L. American vice presidents discuss policies to assist disabled
people
Ecuadorian Vice President Lenin Moreno opened a meeting of eight Latin American
vice presidents and experts Thursday, aimed at analyzing policies to aid the
most vulnerable sectors, mainly the disabled.
North American FMs to meet in Canada on economy, security
Foreign Ministers from Canada, the United States, and Mexico will meet on Monday
in Wakefield, Quebec of Canada, to discuss bilateral, regional and international
issues.
North American foreign ministers to meet in Canada
Foreign Ministers of Canada, the United States and Mexico will meet next Monday
in Wakefield, Quebec of Canada, to discuss bilateral, regional and international
issues. &lt;   Canadian Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon said Thursday that he
will discuss the state of the economy, security, energy and climate change, the
health and safety of citizens, and matters concerning the western hemisphere as
a whole with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and Secretary of
Foreign Affairs Patricia Espinosa of Mexico.
Venezuela to purchase new trains for Caracas' subway
The Venezuelan government announced Thursday that it will purchase 48 new trains
to modernize Caracas subway.
Paraguay postpones ratification of Venezuela's Mercosur
membership
Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo Thursday withdrew Venezuela's application to
enter the Common Market of the South (Mercosur) from the parliament, authorities
said.
Danish IT company develops new PC for old people
A Danish IT company has developed a new plug-and-play computer for old people
knowing little about IT technology to get online, Copenhagen Post reported
Thursday.
News Analysis: France's stocks to rise sharply in 2011 amid
economic recovery
by Sonia Ounissi
C. American countries discuss electricity integration
Delegates from the Central American countries Thursday began a series of
meetings to discuss the Central American Electrical Interconnection System
(SIEPAC).
California takes further step to develop clean energy
A 500-kilovolt Sunrise Powerlink transmission line broke ground in Southern
California Thursday, demonstrating the state's resolve to promote its clean
energy policy.
China's Bona film group issues IPO on NASDAQ
China's Bona film group, Ltd, issued its initial public offerings (IPO) on
NASDAQ Thursday, raising approximately 100 million U.S. dollars.
First underwater robot crossing Atlantic on display
The first underwater robotic vehicle  that has crossed an ocean basin is on
display at the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History in Washington.
Colombian gov't pledges to facilitate hostage handover
The Colombian government pledged Thursday to facilitate the handover of five
hostages held by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) to former
Senator Piedad Cordoba.
Yearender: Terrorism resurges in Russia with new faces, old
targets
by Igor Serebryany, Zheng Haoning
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0500 GMT, Dec. 10
Brazil's Finance Minister Guido Mantega said Thursday that the country's GDP
will increase 8 percent this year. (   He made the prediction in his comment on
the third quarter GDP figures, which was released earlier Thursday by the
Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE). (Brazil- GDP)
Adolescent mortality worrying in Brazil
EDS: Refiles with correction of typo in headline
Hollywood publicist Ronni Chasen possibly died from botched
robbery: police
Veteran Hollywood publicist Ronni Chasen may have had been killed by a gunman as
a result of a robbery that has gone bad, and no known connections have been
established between a man who committed suicide after the slaying and the
dramatic incident, Beverly Hills police said on Wednesday.
Brazilian president-elect names cabinet members
President-elect Dilma Rousseff, who will take office on Jan. 1, on Wednesday
nominated some members of her cabinet.
Asian, Latino communities in U.S. call for passage of DREAM Act
Asian-American and Pacific Islander student leaders from nearly 60 U.S.
universities have sent a letter to Congress, urging members to pass the DREAM
Act as both houses of Congress are voting on the bill Wednesday.
S. African president ends visit to Cuba
South African President Jacob Zuma left Cuba on Wednesday after paying his first
official visit to the Caribbean island nation "to boost economic ties."
Urgent: Top DPRK leader meets senior Chinese official
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), met
with Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo here on Thursday.
1st LD: Top DPRK leader meets senior Chinese official on ties,
situation on Korean  Peninsula
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), met
with Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo here on Thursday.
Brazil expects Haiti to abide by law in electoral process
Haiti's electoral process should proceed as scheduled and abide by the law, a
statement issued by the Brazilian foreign ministry said Wednesday.
UN chief says climate financing challenging but feasible
The goal of annually mobilizing 100 billion dollars by 2020 to battle global
warming may be challenging but feasible, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said
Wednesday.
Canada expects F-35s to be ready on time and on budget
Canadian Defense Minister Peter MacKay said Wednesday he believed Canada's order
of F-35 stealth fighters will be delivered without cost overruns and delays.
Ambassador hails recognition of Palestinian state by Argentina
Palestinian Ambassador to Argentina Walid Muaqqat hailed Argentina's decision
Wednesday to recognize an independent Palestinian state, saying it will speed up
the peace process in the Middle East.
Russia values regional cooperation with China: official
The government of Russian region of Kirov highly values cooperation with China
on culture, tourism and education, announced the Chinese embassy to Russia
Thursday.
Rubenius to build 4 billion dollar energy storage facility in
Mexico
Rubenius, an alternative energy company based in the United Arab Emirates, will
build a four billion U.S. dollars storage facility for electricity in northern
Mexico, President Felipe Calderon said Wednesday.
U.S. troops test "smart" rifle in Afghanistan
U.S. troops in Afghanistan are testing a high-tech "smart" rifle that uses
computer-chip- embedded rounds that can detonate behind walls, LiveScience.com
reported Wednesday.
Mexico targets 50 percent biofuels for aircraft by 2040
Mexico plans to have half of the nation's jet fuel produced from renewable
sources by 2040, the transport minister said Wednesday.
London stock market rises in early trading
London stock market rose in opening on Thursday, with the leading FTSE 100 index
up 40.23 points at 5,834.76 points in early trading.
Cancun conference sets up new groups to speed up negotiation
The ongoing UN climate change conference has created two new groups of 50
nations on the forum's two key topics in a bid to speed up negotiating towards a
binding deal, Mexico's Chief Negotiator Luis Alfonso de Alba told a press
conference Wednesday.
Heavy snow hits Moscow
The snowfall that started Thursday may cause a precipitation of up to a third of
the monthly amount, said a source from Moscow regional weather service.
Norwegian lawyer lambastes Nobel Committee for promoting
controversy, ill will
A Norwegian lawyer reiterated his criticism against the Nobel Committee on
Wednesday for awarding the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to a convicted Chinese
criminal, as many countries have declined to attend Friday's award ceremony.
Swedish inflation rate increases to 1.8 percent in November
Sweden's inflation rate increased to 1.8 percent in November from 1.5 percent in
October due to high interest costs for housing, Statistics Sweden reported.
70 percent of temporary employees wants permanent job in Sweden:
survey
Seven out of 10 temporary employees in Sweden would like to have permanent
employment, according to a survey conducted by Statistics Sweden during the
third quarter this year.
Israel delivers drones to Russia
Isreal had completed the delivery of 14 drones under one of two such deals with
Russia this year, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Vladimir Popovkin said
Thursday.
CSTO role shall be reinforced: Lavrov
Russia wants the role of the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO) to
be further strengthened and its image to be enhanced globally, said Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov here Thursday.
Bank of England holds interest rate at record-low of 0.5 percent
The British central bank, the Bank of England (BOE), announced on Thursday that
it has held the short- term interest rate at the record low of 0.5 percent and
maintained the size of the Asset Purchase Programme at 200 billion pounds (315
billion U.S. dollars).
China will never repeat developed countries' old path of
unlimited emissions: climate  negotiator
China will stay the course of sustainable, low-carbon and green development and
will never repeat developed countries' old path of high energy consumption and
unlimited emissions, China's climate chief negotiator said Wednesday.
Denmark's biggest companies rebound in third quarter
The 100 largest enterprises in Denmark mostly had positive balance sheets for
the third quarter of 2010, according to a report issued by Danish enterprise
portal top1000.dk Wednesday.
EU official calls for coordinated action to fight eurozone crisis
Europe needed coordinated action and fundamental reforms to resolve the current
crisis in Greece and the eurozone at large, a top European official said
Thursday.
EU defense ministers meet to boost military cooperation amid
tightening budget
European Union (EU) defense ministers met here Thursday to strengthen military
cooperation and share capabilities among their countries as the ongoing
financial crisis has squeezed   military budgets of some EU members.
Finland registers GDP growth
Finland's third-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 3.7 percent from a
year ago, according to Statistics Finland Thursday.
Russia calls the Georgian arrest of alleged spies "a show"
Russia's Foreign Ministry on Thursday labelled Georgia's arrest of six people on
allegations they were Russian agents who staged explosions in Tbilisi this
autumn "a show".
London stock market up by midday
The London stock market rose by midday on Thursday with the leading FTSE 100
index up 17.77 points, or 0.31 percent, at 5,812.30 points at noon.
French ex-president Chirac to face trial in 2011
Former French president Jacques Chirac will face trial early next year on
charges that he misused public funds during his tenure as Paris mayor, local
media quoted sources from court as saying Thursday.
Eurozone will emerge stronger from economic crisis: Greek FM
The eurozone would come out of the ongoing economic crisis stronger, Greek
Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou said Thursday.
EU calls for stronger action against corruption
The European Union (EU) wanted stronger action against corruption and more
transparency, the European Commission said here Thursday.
Russia expects NATO to explain WikiLeaks report
The Kremlin was awaiting an explanation from NATO on a WikiLeaks report of
alliance plans to protect the Baltic countries from Russia, Russian Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov said Thursday.
World Bank allocates 100 mln dollars preserving antique Russian
towns
The World Bank approved a loan of 100 million U.S. dollars to preserve cultural
heritage sites in four Russian northwestern regions dubbed the "Silver Ring,"
the Moscow Times daily reported Thursday.
Thousands of British students protest against tuition fee rise
Thousands of university students demonstrated Thursday in central London, the
fourth since last month, as MPs in the House of Commons prepared to vote on a
plan to raise tuition fees.
Bulgaria supports establishment of independent Palestinian state:
FM
Establishing an independent Palestinian state through negotiations would help
resolve the Israeli-Arab conflict, Bulgarian Foreign Minister Nickolay Mladenov
said Thursday.
Russia must prepare for tumbling oil prices: minister
Oil prices might drop below 60 U.S. dollars a barrel in the next three years and
stay there about six months, Russian Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin told the
Audit Chamber Thursday.
Bulgaria to rely on NATO cyber defense teams
Bulgaria would sign a memorandum with NATO to access the alliance's rapid
reaction teams in case of heavy cyber attacks, officials said here Thursday.
Feature: A close look at anti-corruption in Denmark
by Yang Jingzhong,  Bao Yue
Urgent: U.S. wholesale inventories, sales edge up in October
U.S. inventories at the wholesale level rose 1.9 percent in October from
September, and sales continued to pick up momentum, the U.S. Department of
Commerce's Thursday figures revealed.
Kenyan newspapers blast Nobel Committee over conferring Peace
Prize to Chinese criminal
Kenyan newspapers have recently blasted the Nobel Committee after it conferred
this year's Nobel Peace Prize on convicted Chinese criminal Liu Xiaobo,
describing the action "a mockery of democracy."
1st LD: U.S. wholesale inventories, sales edge up in October
U.S. inventories at the wholesale level rose 1.9 percent in October from
September, and sales continued to pick up momentum, the U.S. Department of
Commerce's Thursday figures revealed.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 9
Former French president Jacques Chirac will face trial early next year on
charges that he misused public funds during his tenure as Paris mayor, local
media quoted sources from court as saying Thursday.
U.S. stocks up on upbeat jobs data
U.S. stocks rose in early trading on Thursday after a government report showed
jobless claims dropped more than expected last month.
Georgia marks Anticorruption Day with heartening TI report
South Caucasus country Georgia has been rated an effective fighter of corruption
by the Transparency International (TI) Global Corruption Barometer.
EU defense ministers eye closer cooperation amid austerity
European Union (EU) defense ministers stressed on Thursday the need to
strengthen military cooperation to offset shrinking national military budgets
due to the ongoing financial crisis.
EU monitor clarifies position on serial bomb attacks in Tbilisi
The EU Monitoring Mission in Georgia (EUMM) on Thursday clarified its position
on the series of bomb attacks in downtown Tbilisi between September and
November.
Botafogo expected to hold pre-season in Uruguay
The executive director of soccer at Botafogo FC, Sergio Landau, announced on
Thursday that the team plans on holding its pre-season training in the Uruguayan
city of Punto del Este.
Marta signs a two-month contract with Santos
FIFA's reigning women's best soccer player, Marta Vieira da Silva announced on
Thursday her short-term contract with Santos.
S. Korea supports PyeongChang's Winter Olympic bid
South Korea on Friday promised full governmental support for PyeongChang's bid
to host the 2018 Winter Olympics, according to a Yonhap report.
China wins 1st gold medal in Asian Beach Games
Chinese swimmer Li Xue on Thursday morning won the women's marathon swimming in
the 2nd Asian Beach Games in Muscat, the first gold medal of the event.
Klichko cancells fight against Chisora due to injury
The fight between Ukraine's heavyweight boxer Vladimir Klitschko and British
Dereck Chisora, sheduled for Saturday, has been canceled due to Klichko's
injury, local press reported Thursday.
Nigeria soccer federation shifts annual general assembly
The Annual General Assembly (AGA) of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) will
take place on Dec. 28, the federation has announced.
Pakistan's women football team leaves for SAFF championship in
Bangladesh
Pakistan's women football team aiming for a semifinal berth left Thursday for
participating in the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF) Women's Football
Championship scheduled to be held from Dec. 12 in Bangladesh.
Pakistan cricket board to hold anti-corruption seminars and
workshops
The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) had decided to hold anti-corruption seminars
and workshops in December to educate players and officials belonging to the
regional and departmental teams about the International Cricket Council's ( ICC)
anti-corruption code of conduct, officials told Xinhua on Thursday.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Dudek breaks jaw
Real Madrid goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek will be out of action for the next six weeks
after breaking his jaw in his side's 4-0 win over Auxerre on Wednesday night.
Benzema delighted after hat-trick return
Real Madrid striker Benzema scored a hat-trick against French side Auxerre in
the Champions League before saying that he hoped his injured companion Gonzalo
Higuain returns to action as soon as possible.
Ronaldinho wants to stay at Milan
Ronaldinho has expressed his desire to extend his stay at AC Milan for a long
term.
MWF president's cup to be held in Nay Pyi Taw
Myanmar Weightlifting Federation (MWF) President's Cup (Inter Club) will be held
at Paunglaung Gymnasium in Nay Pyi Taw, the new capital of Myanmar,  in next
January, according to the federation Thursday.
Newcastle United appoint Pardew as new manager
Newcastle United have appointed Alan Pardew as the new manager, confirmed the
Premier League club on Thursday.
Cambodia opens 4th Asian Golf Tournament
Cambodia opened 4th Asian Golf Tournament on Thursday in the country's northern
province of Siem Reap.
Pakistani blind cricket team sets up new world record
Pakistan's national blind cricket team set up a new world record of 517 runs in
40 overs on Thursday in South Africa against the host team, local media
reported.
Chinese figure skaters pin hope on future, Russia dominate junior
GP final
Chinese teenagers showed potentials as Russians and Americans led all the way in
ice dancing, women's singles, men's singles and pairs after Thursday's short
programs at the 2010 Junior Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final.
Thai teenager marches into top eight at Hong Kong Badminton Open
Thailand's rising star Inthanon Ratchanok marched into top eight of the women's
singles at the Hong Kong Badminton Open Super Series here on Thursday while
China's world champion duo Cai/Fu looks to revenge on Jung/Lee after losing to
the South Koreans for three times in a month.
Australian cricketer Ryan Harris fit for third Ashes Test
Australian cricket fast bowler Ryan Harris on Thursday has been passed fit to
play next week's third Ashes Test against England in Perth, Australia.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 9
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 9:
Animal bites disrupt heating to 70,000 households in frigid
northeast Chinese city
About 70,000 households in a northeast Chinese city have to rough out a cold
snap for at least five days as part of the city's heating service was disrupted
Thursday after animals bit through an underground cable that powers the heating
facilities.
China's November property prices continue to rise
Property prices in 70 major Chinese cities rose 0.3 percent in November from
October, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said Friday.
Factory blast kills two, injures three more southwest China
Local authorities confirmed Friday that two people were killed and three others
injured after a blast occurred at a plant in south China's Guangxi Zhuang
Autonomous Region Thursday evening.
China's yuan strengthens to 6.6604 per USD Friday
The value of yuan strengthened slightly as the central parity rate of Renminbi,
China's currency, was set at 6.6604 per U.S. dollar Friday, compared with
Thursday's 6.6654, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange
Trading System.
Chinese shares open lower Friday
Chinese shares opened lower Friday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
down 0.43 percent, or 12.21 points, to 2,798.74 at the opening.
ChiNext Index opens lower Friday
ChiNext stocks declined 4.7 points, or 0.41 percent, to open at 1,139.83 points
Friday.
China stock index futures open lower Friday
China's stock index futures opened lower Friday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, opened 9.6 points lower at 3,130.2.
1st Ld: China November property prices continue to rise;
annualized growth rate slows  again
Property prices in 70 major Chinese cities rose 0.3 percent in November month on
month and 7.7 percent year on year, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said
Friday.
Hong Kong stocks open lower -- Dec. 10
Hong Kong stocks moved down 80.28 points, or 0.35 percent, to open at 23,091.52
Friday.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 13 HK dollars to open at 12,860 HK dollars
per tael Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Memorial service held for soldiers killed by grassland fire in SW
China
A grand memorial service was held Thursday for 15 soldiers killed when putting
out a grassland fire in the country's southwest.
Xinhua Insight: New-energy vehicles take off in China with
government support
Prompted by a series of preferential government policies, Wu Lingyu abandoned
her plan to buy a petrol-driven car. She decided to buy a battery-powered one
instead.
1st LD: China Nov. exports up 34.9 pct as imports rise 37.7 pct
China's exports rose 34.9 percent year on year in November to 153.33 billion
U.S. dollars while imports jumped 37.7 percent to 130.43 billion U.S. dollars,
the General Administration of Customs (GAC) said Friday.
2nd Ld: China Nov. property prices rise 0.3 pct on-month
Property prices in 70 major Chinese cities rose 0.3 percent in November month on
month and 7.7 percent year on year, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said
Friday.
China to promote global sale of Chinese books
China has launched a marketing project to promote Chinese books and printed
publications in the global market, a General Administration of Press and
Publication (GAPP) official said Friday.
Chinese shares close mixed at midday
China's stocks closed mixed in the morning trading session Friday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up 0.14 percent, or 3.94 points, to 2,814.89.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.28 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 64.61 points, or 0.28 percent, to close Thursday's
morning session at 23, 157.13 points.
2nd LD: China November exports, imports grow strongly; trade
surplus narrows
China's foreign trade grew strongly on a year-on-year basis in November, boosted
by rising demand ahead of the Christmas shopping season, as the nation's trade
surplus narrowed.
Second explosion rips through fire-engulfed pesticide factory in
E. China
A second explosion occurred at a pesticide factory in east China's Shandong
Province Thursday morning, as a fire continued to burn in the factory after an
initial explosion Wednesday injured seven people.
Explosion hits pharmaceutical factory in central China;
casualties unknown
A blast occurred at a private pharmaceutical factory Friday in a city of central
China's Hubei Province, said local authorities.
China, Austria seek closer military ties
A senior Chinese military official said Thursday China hopes to advance military
ties with Austria.
Former top provincial political advisor gets suspended death
sentence for taking  bribes
Huang Yao, the former chairman of the Guizhou Provincial Committee of the
Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), received a death
sentence with a two-year reprieve Thursday for taking bribes.
Mainland, Taiwan likely to ink medical cooperation agreement:
official
The Chinese mainland and Taiwan are expected to sign a medical and health
cooperation agreement this month, the mainland's Taiwan affairs chief Wang Yi
said Thursday.
Facts and Figures: China makes legislative efforts to better
protect human rights
China is making continuous efforts to protect human rights through improved
legislation.
China's stocks close down Thursday
China's stocks continued Wednesday's fall amid mounting tightening concerns,
with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 1.32 percent, or 37.6 points,
to end at 2,810.95 on Thursday.
Shanghai stock indices close down -- Dec. 9
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,810.95 Thursday, down 1.32 points, or 37.6 percent, from the previous
close.
Shenzhen stock indices close down -- Dec. 9
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange was down 2.08
percent, or 262.15 points, to end at 12,353.27 points on Thursday.
Chinese mom pregnant with world's 3rd "three-frozens" test-tube
baby
Wang Hui is four months pregnant with a test-tube baby conceived with a frozen
egg, frozen sperm and a frozen embryo. She smiles on hearing the results of a
pre-natal check - her unborn baby's condition is normal.
China's auto sales expected to hit 18 mln units this year
China's auto sales are expected to reach 18 million units this year as sales in
the first 11 months hit 16.4 million units, figures released Thursday by the
China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) showed.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec. 9
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,123.37 points Thursday, down 48.52 points, or 1.53
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 9
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, fell
1.35 percent, or 15.71 percent, to close at 1,144.53 on Thursday.
China stock index futures close down Thursday
China's stock index futures close down Thursday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, was down 1.44 percent to close at 3,139.8.
RPT:Shanghai stock indices close down -- Dec. 9
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,810.95 Thursday, down 1.32 percent, or 37.6 points, from the previous
close.
No pollution reported after pesticide factory explosions in east
China
A blaze that started at a pesticide factory in east China's Shandong Province
Wednesday caused no pollution, environment authorities said Thursday.
Chinese, Namibian FMs meet, pledge to enhance coordination
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi met with his Namibian counterpart Utoni
Nujoma Thursday, and the two sides pledged to enhance coordination in
multilateral affairs.
Hong Kong stocks close 0.34 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 79.28 points, or 0.34 percent, at 23,171.80 on
Thursday.
1st LD: China's auto sales expected to hit 18 mln units this year
China's auto sales are expected to reach 18 million units this year as sales in
the first 11 months hit 16.4 million units, figures released Thursday by the
China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) showed.
Xinhua Insight: China woos private, foreign capital to reform
healthcare system
by Xinhua writers Shi Shouhe, Sun Weili
China puts more grain reserve on market, prices slightly decline
China state grain reserve released 8.6 million tonnes of grain on to the market
from Nov. 29 to Dec.3 to ensure market supply and stabilize prices, said the
country's top economic planner Thursday.
1st LD-Writethru: China stocks down on expectations of tighter
economic controls
China's stocks continued Wednesday's fall amid mounting tightening concerns,
with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 1.32 percent, or 37.6 points,
to end at 2,810.95 on Thursday.
China backs Russia's WTO entry
China on Thursday voiced support for Russia's bid to join the World Trade
Organization (WTO).
2nd LD Writethru-China Focus: China's auto sales expected to hit
18 mln units this  year
China's auto sales are expected to reach 18 million units this year as sales in
the first 11 months hit 16.4 million, figures released Thursday by the China
Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) showed.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close 0.34 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 79.28 points, or 0.34 percent, at 23,171.80 on
Thursday.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.57 pct
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Thursday with the weighted index rose 50.05
points, or 0.57 percent, to close at 8,753.84, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
China expresses firm opposition to U.S. resolution on Liu Xiaobo
China on Thursday expressed its firm opposition to a U.S. congressional
resolution on convicted Chinese criminal Liu Xiaobo, winner of this year's Nobel
Peace Prize, and urged U.S. lawmakers to change "arrogant and rude" attitude.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 9
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 9:
China calls resumed Iran nuclear talks "positive and beneficial"
China has welcomed this week's talks between Iran and world powers on Iran's
nuclear development, saying they were "positive and beneficial."
China says military deterrence may escalate tensions on Korean
Peninsula
China on Thursday warned that military deterrence would escalate tensions on the
Korean Peninsula rather than helping solve problems.
Hong Kong's inward DI up 14.8 pct
Hong Kong Census and Statistics Department Thursday announced that the stock of
the city's inward direct investment (DI) in 2009 increased by 14.8 percent from
a year earlier to 7,262.1 billion HK dollars (about 934 billion U.S. dollars) at
market value.
Senior CPC official calls Chinese youths to adhere to Marxism
Wang Zhaoguo, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China
(CPC) Central Committee, has called on Chinese youth to adhere to Marxism while
making efforts to build a well-off society.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index down 0.03 pct -- Dec. 9
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange shed 4.44
points, or 0.03 percent, to close at 12,731.42 on Thursday.
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong -- Dec. 9
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 35 HK dollars to close at 12,873 HK
dollars per tael on Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
China standardizes purchases of essential drugs to ease costs
burden of residents
China will standardize the purchase of essential drugs at government-funded
grass-root hospitals and clinics, in a bid to reduce patient health-care costs,
an official statement said Thursday.
China's farm produce and materials prices continued to fall
China's top economic planner said Thursday that prices for agricultural produce
and materials continued to fall from Nov. 29 to Dec. 5, with some varieties
seeing big drops.
China' s old-for-new home appliance subsidy scheme fuels 112.69
bln yuan sales
BEIJING, Dec. 9 (Xinhua) - China's home appliance replacement program has been
an incentive for consumers to spend 112.69 billion yuan (16.9 billion U.S.
dollars) since it was launched in June 2009, the Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said
Thursday.
High-speed trains to run at 500 km per hour or above in 2050:
experts
High-speed trains are expected to run at an operational speed of 500 kilometers
per hour or above by 2050, experts said in Beijing on Thursday.
Xinhua's CNC English channel further extends international reach
CNC World, the English channel of Xinhua News Agency's TV arm CNC, will cover
all of Europe, the Middle East and North Africa from Jan. 1, 2011 through
satellite distribution.
China Focus: "Hero" journalist under attack with bribe
allegations
by Xinhua writer Ji Shaoting
China, Namibia stress commitment to stronger relations
China and Nambia on Thursday reaffirmed their commitment to building stronger
bilateral relations at a meeting between Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang and
Namibian Foreign Minister Utoni Nujoma, who is on a week-long visit to China.
Senior Chinese official stresses change of growth pattern in
building Hainan resort
South China's Hainan Province should step up changing growth pattern and pursue
a scientific path for economic and social development in efforts to build itself
into an international tourist resort, a senior official said.
1st LD-Writethru: China standardizes purchases of essential drugs
to ease costs burden  of residents
China will standardize the purchase of essential drugs at government-funded
grass-root hospitals and clinics, in a bid to reduce patient health-care costs,
an official statement said Thursday.
China police arrest 68 in largest drug case this year
MEISHAN, Sichuan, Dec. 9 (Xinhua) - Police in southwestern China said on
Thursday that they arrested 68 alleged members of four drug rings in the
country's largest drug case this year, following a nine-month investigation.
China promises better protection of IPR after successful
crackdown
A government official said Thursday that China's crackdown on infringements of
intellectual property rights (IPR) had scored successes and China would work
harder to protect the rights and interests of Chinese and foreign trademarks.
More than 100,000 annually convert to Catholicism in China
During the past six years, more than 100,000 people were converted to
Catholicism each year, according to a report approved at the 8th national
congress of Chinese Catholics on Thursday.
Chinese students send green message with cartoons
With cartoons depicting deforestation, overgrazing and melting glaciers, the
Chinese winners of an international university cartoon competition on Thursday
called on the public to better protect the environment.
Preparatory talks on further cross-Strait cooperation start
Tuesday
Negotiators from the Chinese mainland and Taiwan are scheduled to hold
preparatory talks on economic and health-care cooperation on Dec. 14 in
Shanghai, the Taiwan- based Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF) announced
Thursday.
Top political advisor meets with Taiwan finance delegation
A top political advisor called for closer financial ties between the Chinese
mainland and Taiwan while meeting with Fredrick Chien, the head of a Taiwan
finance delegation here on Thursday.
Nobel Committee harbors political motives behind prize to Liu
Xiaobo: experts
Chinese experts reiterated that conferring an award to convicted Chinese
criminal Liu Xiaobo is "gross interference" in China's judicial system, one day
before the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony.
New leadership of Chinese Catholics elected at national congress
The new leadership of Chinese Catholics was elected during the 8th national
congress of Chinese Catholics which concluded here Thursday after three days of
meeting.
China respects ECOWAS recognition of Ouattara as winner of Cote
d'Ivoire presidential  runoff: spokesperson
China Thursday said it respects the decision made by the Economic Community of
West African States (ECOWAS) to recognize Alassane Quattara as president-elect
of Cote d'Ivoire.
Fire distinguished of the pesticide plant explosion in east China
A fire that began at a pesticide plant in east China's Shandong Province on
Wednesday has been extinguished after more than 24 hours.
TV documentary to mark 90th CPC founding anniversary
The Central Compilation and Translation Bureau of the Communist Party of China
(CPC) is preparing a TV documentary featuring the introduction of Marxism into
China and its development in the countryside to mark the 90th CPC founding
anniversary next year.
Beijing police break up foreign prostitution ring
Police have apprehended members of a prostitution ring and arrested the ring's
foreign boss, 12 Chinese ring members, and eight foreign prostitutes who
frequented a variety of hotels in the Chinese capital, Beijing police
authorities said Thursday.
Senior Chinese leader calls for stability, development in
Xinjiang
A senior Chinese leader has called for more efforts in the next five years to
seek long-term stability and all-round development in the country's northwest
Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
HK's total receipts from trade, services down 6.2 pct in 2009
HK's Census and Statistics Department announced Thursday that the total receipts
(comprising sales and other receipts) of the import/export, wholesale and retail
trades, and accommodation and food services sectors amounted to 3,505.4 billion
HK dollars in 2009, down 6.2 percent year-on-year.
Urgent: 4 small bombs hit Istanbul, no casualties
Four homemade bombs exploded simultaneously in three districts in the Turkish
largest city of Istanbul without causing casualties, the semi-official Anatolia
news agency reported on Friday.
1st LD: 4 small bombs hit Istanbul, no casualties
Four homemade bombs exploded simultaneously in three districts in the Turkish
largest city of Istanbul without causing casualties, the semi-official Anatolia
news agency reported on Friday.
20 Kuwaiti lawmakers decide to grill PM
Twenty opposition lawmakers in Kuwait's parliament have decided to grill the
prime minister for Wednesday's crackdown on a public rally, in an escalation of
political tensions in the oil-rich emirate.
Two boys killed in UXO blast in Gaza
Israeli unexploded ordnance went off Friday in the Gaza Strip, killing two
Palestinian teenagers, medics said.
Turkey's economy grows 5.5 pct in Q3, slower than expected
Turkey's economy expanded 5.5 percent year-on-year in the third quarter of this
year, a growth slower than expected, statistics from the Turkish Statistical
Institute showed on Friday.
Two people killed by flood in western Turkey
Two people were killed by flood in Turkey's western province on Friday, Turkish
media reported.
UAE lifts ban on Yemen cargo flights: report
United Arab Emirates lifted a ban on Yemen's incoming cargo flights over a
suspension imposed after the detection of Yemeni al-Qaida-designed parcel bombs
in cargo planes via Dubai late October, official Saba news agency reported
Friday.
Yemen frees dozens of opposition figures
The Yemeni security authorities on Friday freed a number of opposition leaders
of the southern separatist movement and northern Shiite rebel group, who were
nabbed following escalating violence against the government authorities, local
media reported.
Australia launches Heath Ledger project
Australian renowned actor Heath Ledger's family has agreed to put the actor's
name to a project, which aims to record the thoughts and aspirations of newly
graduated creative types throughout the country, local media reported on
Saturday
Australia intercept two asylum seekers' boats
Australian border authorities have intercepted two boats carrying more than 100
suspected asylum seekers near the Ashmore Islands in 24 hours, local media
reported on Saturday.
Urgent: Suicide car bomb wounds 4 Afghan soldiers
A predawn suicide car bomb attack Saturday left four Afghan army soldiers
injured in Chardara district of Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan,
district cheif said.
Asia urged to overcome political gap
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said that Asia needs to address
the issue of gaps in political development among countries in the region,
instead of only focusing on economic cooperation, local media reported on
Friday.
Nepali gov't to seek UN logistics after mission departure
The Nepali government is preparing to formally request the United Nations to
provide its logistics, including weapons monitoring devices installed at the
Chhauni barracks and the seven main Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist)
(UCPN-M) cantonment sites.
Dollar at upper 83 yen level in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the upper 83 yen zone Friday morning in Tokyo.
Indian stocks open lower
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,201.89 points Friday 40.47 points
lower from previous close of 19,242.36 points on lack of investors' confidence.
Business lending improves: survey
The credit environment for business may be improving in Australia, according to
the November commercial credit index from banking researchers East &amp;
Partners.
Western Australia needs skilled migrants for mining boom
The West Australian (WA) government said on Friday it would target overseas
workers to help fill the gap in the state's skills shortage as mining continues
to boom.
Urgent: India successfully testfires Angni II plus missiles
India Friday successfully testfired a Agni II plus missile off the coast of the
eastern state of Orissa, said sources.
One-in-three in Asia risks developing osteoporosis at age 35
From age 35, one-in-three people in Asia could be at risk of developing
osteoporosis, results analyzed from 2.1 million bone scans conducted by global
dairy nutritional firm Fonterra showed on Friday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 10
Severe flooding across New South Wales (NSW) and Queensland of Australia
resulted in 45 local government areas being declared natural disaster zones.
1st LD Writethru: India testfires Agni II plus missile
India Friday testfired its nuclear-capable intermediate-range ballistic missile
Agni II plus missile off the coast of the eastern state of Orissa, highly placed
sources said.
Indonesia makes significant progress in public company's
corporate governance: WB
Indonesia is making progress in all areas of corporate governance on public
companies even though the country still face challenges to comply with
international standard and is lack behind compared to its regional peers, a
World Bank official said here on Friday.
India industrial output growth rebounds to 10.8 pct
Indian industrial production rebounded sharply and grew as much as 10.8 percent
in October 2010 compare with the same period of last year, said a statement
released Friday by Indian Central Statistics Office.
Moderate quake hits eastern Indonesia
An earthquake with magnitude of 5. 3 rocked eastern parts of indonesia on
Friday, the Meteorology and Geophysics Agency reported here.
Indonesian police arrest notorious terrorist suspect
Indonesian police's anti-terror squad, Densus 88, arrested on Friday a terrorist
suspect, Mustafa, also known as Abu Tholut, in his house located in town of
Kudus, Central Java, local media reported.
Roundup: Malaysia may sign free trade pact with S. Korea
Malaysia is mulling over the possibility of signing a free trade agreement (FTA)
with South Korea after witnessing the success of the ASEAN-South Korea FTA.
Japan's consumer confidence falls for 5th straight month in
November
Consumer sentiment in Japan fell in November for the fifth successive month, the
Cabinet Office said in a report on Friday.
Pakistani forces kill 11 militants in northwest
Pakistani security forces killed 11 suspected Taliban militants in South
Waziristan tribal region and Swat valley, official sources and local media said
on Friday.
Major ASEAN countries commit to cross border financial
supervision
The central banks from five major ASEAN countries have committed to sign a
multilateral cross border financial supervision agreement, aiming to safeguard
the nations from negative impacts of the recent surging capital inflows, local
media reported on Friday.
Sri Lanka police seizes largest ever haul of heroin
Sri Lankan police said Friday that they had seized the largest haul of heroin
ever in the island.
Nikkei closes 0.72 pct lower
Tokyo stocks closed moderately lower Friday with the key Nikkei index down 0.72
percent.
Cambodia's approved investments rise 51 pct in 11 months
The Council for the Development of Cambodia (CDC) approved 84 investment
projects worth 2.45 billion U.S. dollars in the first eleven months of this
year, 51 percent rise from 1.62 billion dollars at the same period last year,
according to the latest statistics obtained from the CDC on Friday.
Heavy rain continues in Australian rural areas, more floods,
evacuations ahead
Much of Australia's eastern coast remains underwater as torrential rain
continues to hit rural areas, causing more floods and evacuations, foreseeing a
wet Christmas for many Australians, authorities said on Friday.
"Red-shirt" rally kicks off in Bangkok
Members of Thailand's anti- government "Red-shirts" group on Friday morning
started to gather at Khok Woa intersection on Bangkok's Ratchadamneon Avenue.
Roundup: Slowdown in exports pulls down Philippine shares Friday
The Philippine stock market lost its footing on Friday after reports showed a
slowdown in the country's merchandise export in October.
Roundup: Vietnam's stock market go up on global rally
Vietnam 's benchmark VN-Index closed up 2.74 percent Friday against Thursday
thanks to the overnight rally of global stock markets.
Malaysia, S. Korea seek cooperation in nuclear energy
Malaysia and South Korea are seeking cooperation in the field of nuclear energy
in order to develop renewable energy to tackle the issue of global climate
change.
Dollar in upper 83 yen zone in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 83 yen level Friday in Tokyo.
Court case to dissolve Thai Democrat Party can be re-filed: EC
A re-filing of a case seeking the dissolution of Prime Minister Abhisit
Vejjajiva's Democrat Party was possible, Election Commissioner Prapan Naiyakowit
said on Friday.
Roundup: Vietnam's gold prices go slightly up
Vietnam's average gold prices closed at 35.80 million Vietnamese dong (1,836
U.S. dollars) a tael, equivalent to 1.2 ounce, on Friday, posting a slight
increase of 50,000 Vietnamese dong (2.56 U.S dollars) against the previous
trading session.
Vietnam's tea export up 10 pct in first 11 months
Vietnam earned 180 million U.S. dollars from tea export in first eleven months
of this year, a year-on-year increase of 10.2 percent, said a report of
Vietnam's General Statistics Office on Friday.
20 soldiers injured in road mishap in N. Philippines
Twenty soldiers of the Philippine armed forces were injured after meeting an
accident in Northern Philippines, a military spokesman said Friday.
India's testfiring of Agni II plus missile unsuccessful
India's maiden testfiring of nuclear-capable intermediate range ballistic
missile Agni II plus off the coast of the eastern state of Orissa has ended in a
failure, highly placed sources said on Friday.
Muslims protest police raids over blast in Indian holy town of
Varanasi
Residents of nearby Muslim- populated Azamgarh district near here Friday alleged
that the police and security agencies were treating them as "soft targets" in
the Varanasi bomb blast case.
Singapore shares end 0.77 pct lower
The shares prices in Singapore fell 24.78 points or 0.77 percent on Friday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,185.42 points.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 10
Pakistani security forces killed 11 suspected Taliban militants in South
Waziristan tribal region and Swat valley, official sources and local media said
on Friday.
Indian official raps U.S. "pat-down" treatment of envoy
Indian Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao Friday said that the "pat-down" search of
Ambassador Meera Shankar at a U.S. airport recently was not good public
diplomacy.
Policeman wounded in gunfight in Indian-controlled Kashmir
An Indian policeman was wounded Friday in an ongoing gunfight with militants in
Indian-controlled Kashmir, police said.
Roundup: Forum of South Asian infrastracture regulatory bodies
meet in Nepal
by Punjita Proadhan
Feature: Telling Sri Lankan story with puppet
by Rikaza Hassan
Indonesia's inflation forecast at 6.1-6.4 pct in 2010
Indonesian Finance Minister Agus Martowardojo said on Friday that Indonesia's
inflation this year was forecast at 6.1-6.4 percent, higher than the target of
5.3 percent as commodity prices rose.
Roundup: Emergency rule in Bangkok to be revoked by year-end: PM
By Zhu Li
Indian stocks close up 1.39 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 266.53 points, or 1.39 percent on
Friday on rebound of industrial output growth in October.
Suicide attack kills 2 in E. Afghanistan
A suicide bomber blew himself up in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar province on
Friday, leaving two dead, including the bomber, and wounded two others, Interior
Ministry said in a press release.
Roundup: Nikkei falls 0.72 pct. as overheating spurs profit-
taking
Tokyo stocks fell Friday, with the key Nikkei stock index shedding 0.72 percent,
as signs of the market overheating, coupled with better-than-expected settlement
for futures and options prices, spurred investors to lock in profits, amid
renewed fears about debt contagion in Europe.
Philippines signs implementing rules and regulations of Anti-
Torture Law
The Philippines Friday signed the implementing rules and regulations (IRR) of
Republic Act No. 9745, otherwise known as the Anti-Torture Law, for its
effective enforcement.
Indonesian gov't expects lower deficit in 2010
The Indonesian government forecasted that the state budget deficit this year
would be at 1.3 percent of the GDP, lower than the initial target of 1.5
percent, due to lower government spending, Deputy Finance Minister Any Ratnawati
said here on Friday.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 10
The New Zealand sharemarket dipped on Friday care of a fairly broad-based but
mild selloff against a backdrop of mixed economic news.
Leftist rebels want Manila to free all political prisoners before
they agree to resume talks
Leftist rebels in the Philippines asked government on Friday to release all
political prisoners in the south before they will agree to resume stalled peace
talks.
Feature: Movie enthusiasts enjoy Kathmandu Int'l Film Festival
By Punjita Pradhan
High volume solar cell plant to be built in Malaysia
U.S. based high technology company Twin Creeks Technologies Inc (TCTI) is
building a high volume solar cell and module manufacturing facility in Malaysia.
Philippine gov't creating task force to resolve extrajudicial
killings
The Philippine government will form a task force that will review all reported
and unresolved cases of extrajudicial killings and enforced disappearances,
President Benigno Aquino III said on Friday.
Four Philippine policemen to be charged with kidnapping
Four Philippine policemen will be charged for their alleged involvement in the
kidnapping-for- ransom of two idividuals, officials said on Friday.
Urgent: 5 killed in blast in NW Pakistan
At least five people were killed and seven others injured in a blast that took
place Friday afternoon nearby a hospital in Hangu city in northwest Pakistan,
reported local TV channel Express, adding police and security people were
rushing towards the site.
Afghan forces rescue 18 deminers
Afghan security forces with the support of NATO-led troops were able to rescue
all the 18 deminers from the clutch of abductors just one day after their
abduction in the eastern Khost province on Friday, provincial police chief Abdul
Hakim Ishaqzai said.
1st LD Writethru: 15 killed in blast in NW Pakistan
At least 15 people were killed and 17 others injured in a blast that took place
Friday afternoon nearby a hospital in Hangu city in northwest Pakistan, reported
local TV channel Geo.
2nd LD Writethru: Suicide blast kills 15 in NW Pakistan
A blast that reportedly killed at least 15 people in northwest Pakistan Friday
afternoon is determined to be of suicide nature, said local police.
Urgent: 4 killed in U.S drone strike in NW Pakistan
At least four people were killed in a U.S. drone strike launched Friday evening
in Pakistan's northwest tribal area along the Afghan border, reported local Urdu
TV channel Geo, adding four missiles were fired at a vehicle suspected of
carrying militants.
1st LD Writethru: 4 killed in U.S drone strike in NW Pakistan
At least four people were killed and two others injured in a U.S. drone strike
launched Friday evening in Pakistan's northwest tribal area along the Afghan
border, reported local Urdu TV channel Geo.
Thai "red shirts" protest against constitution
Thousands of supporters of Thai anti-government red-shirt movement on Friday
occupied the country' s landmark Democracy Monument in protesting against the
current constitution.
U.S. drone strike victims stage rally in Pakistan's capital
By Tahir Khan
Roundup: Bulls have last laugh as KSE regains 11,600
by Jawad Hussain
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 10
Indonesian Finance Minister Agus Martowardojo said on Friday that Indonesia's
inflation this year was forecast at 6.1- 6.4 percent, higher than the target of
5.3 percent as commodity prices rose.
Zambia, Kenya settle milk trade row
The Zambian government said it had resolved a dispute on the importation of
Kenyan milk which is now allowed to enter the Zambian market, the Zambia Daily
Mail reported on Friday.
Zambia distributes 19 million male condoms in nine months
The Zambian government has distributed more than 19 million male condoms from
January to September this year as part of its intervention measures against the
HIV/AIDS pandemic, the Post of Zambia reported on Friday.
Nigeria police probe into case of missing polls machines
Nigerian police say a Clearing Agent has been invited for questioning over
alleged missing electoral machines at the airport.
Presidential aspirant says Nigeria lacks visionary leadership
Nigeria lacks appropriate leadership with a vision to drive her development,
Mohammadu Bahari, Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) Presidential aspirant
has said.
Nigerian parliament recalls 2 suspended members
The Nigerian House of Representatives on Thursday pardoned two other suspended
members, bringing the total number of those recalled to four out of the 11
affected lawmakers.
Nigeria recovers 3.5 bln USD from fraud since 2009
Nigeria's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has secured 65
convictions and recovered 3.5 billion U. S. dollars in funds and assets since
December 2009.
Roundup: HelpAge urges human rights for elderly to mark rights
day
by Peter Mutai
Rwanda unveils documentation center of genocide
Rwanda has officially unveiled its maiden documentation center of genocide where
works of literature and film documentaries on those killings that were
perpetrated 16 years ago, are stored in a electronic archive as a move to
"keeping public's memories alive".
Mozambican parliament passes 2011 state budget
The Mozambican parliament, the Assembly of the Republic, on Thursday passed the
first reading of the state budget for 2011.
Ex-EU envoy slams UN over genocide Mapping report on Rwanda
The former special envoy of the European Union Representative in the Great Lakes
Region, Aldo Ajello, on Friday expressed deep concern over the recent UN Mapping
report accusing Rwandan troops of committing genocide against Hutu refugees in
the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo).
Congo, DR Congo to jointly exploit oil reserves
The Republic of Congo government has adopted a bill on the joint exploitation of
oil reserves with the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo), according to
official sources.
Ugandan police impound Kenyan bus found with suspected bomb-
making materials
The Ugandan police on Friday arrested some people in connection with suspected
bomb-making materials found on a Kenyan bus in the Ugandan capital Kampala.
UN envoy urges Somalia to prioritize human rights
The UN envoy for Somali on Friday called on the transitional government of
Somalia to put human rights at the forefront of its agenda.
Urgent: Somali pirates seize Liberian ship: report
Somali pirates seized a Liberian- flagged container ship with a crew of 23,
media reports said Friday.
1st LD Writethru: Somali pirates seize Liberian ship
Somali pirates have hijacked a Liberian-flagged container ship east of Tanzania
with 23 crew members onboard, European Union (EU) anti-piracy force said late
Friday.
Russia, Finland sign agreements on issues of common concern
Russian and Finnish prime ministers, Vladimir Putin and Mari Kiviniemi,
completed their talks in St. Petersburg on Friday with signing a number of
agreements on bilateral ties, RBC news agency reported.
UN chief calls for commitment to end racism against people of
African descent
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Friday called on the international
community to strengthen its political commitment to eradicating racism and
discrimination against people of African descent.
Russian stocks close mixed
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Friday with one key index higher and
the other lower.
IMF postpones Ireland bailout loan after parliamentary approval
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) announced on Friday that its executive
board had decided to postpone consideration of the proposed Irish bailout loan
after the Irish parliamentary debate.
Interview: Renewable energy can save European economy: expert
by Liza Jansen
U.S. stocks up after more data signal recovery
U.S. stocks moved up on Friday as the latest batch of economic data came in
better than expected, signaling the economy was recovering.
Volkswagen eleven-month sales surpass last year's sales figure
Europe's biggest carmaker Volkswagen AG (VW) said Friday that its group eleven-
month sales advanced 13 percent to 6.59 million, as it anticipated annual
deliveries in 2010 would exceed 7 million for the first time.
Flight to Moscow makes emergency landing at Sofia Airport
Bulgaria Air flight FB 363 on scheduled service from Sofia to Moscow made an
emergency landing at Sofia Airport at 5:02 p.m. local time (1502 GMT) on Friday,
local BTA reported.
Barcelona to charge shirt publicity
Spanish La Liga leaders, FC Barcelona will charge money for displaying publicity
on their shirts for the first time in the club's history, it was announced on
Friday.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Friday with the leading FTSE 100 index
up by 4.99 points, or 0.09 percent, at 5,812.95 points.
CIS summit yields package of treaties
Leaders of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) concluded their summit
here on Friday with numerous agreements signed, aiming at promoting the regional
development and stability.
2nd LD: Moldova's top court orders recount of snap election
Moldova's Constitutional Court on Friday ordered a vote recount in the Nov. 28
early legislative elections, after examining an application by the Communists.
Austrian alloy producer upgrades Albania smelter, boosts output
Austria's alloys producer DCM Decometal Gmbh will finish upgrading a ferrochrome
smelter in northern Albania and start producing 1,500 tonnes of ferrochrome a
month in at least two months, DCM said on Friday.
CECAFA Challenge Cup semi-final result
Following is the CECAFA Senior Challenge Cup semi-final result in Tanzania
Friday:
Telecommunication company Airtel signs deal with Man. United
Indian based telecommunications giant, Bharti Airtel, has announced an exclusive
partnership with Manchester United Football Club and signed a four year
partnership agreement.
Rudisha, Lagat awarded Kenya's sportsman, woman of the year
World 800m record holder David Rudisha and Olympic 1,500m champion Nancy Jebet
Lagat were crowned as the 2010 Kenyan male and female Sports Personality of the
Year.
Spanish world champion Dominguez suspended for suspected doping
The Spanish Athletics Federation ( RFEF) has decided to temporarily suspend
Marta Dominguez following her arrest for supposed involvement in an operation
against a doping ring.
Finland grants 2.5 million euros supporting rehabilitation of
education sector in Haiti
Finnish government has decided to grant 2.5 million euros (about 3.31 million
U.S. dollars) to three projects supporting the rehabilitation of education
sector in Haiti, Finnish Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Friday.
U.S. golfer Gates takes 2nd round lead in Australian PGA
U.S. golfer Bobby Gates has grabbed sole leadership on the second day of
Australian PGA Championship on Friday.
Humanitarian situation in Somalia remains fragile: UN official
Though major efforts were made last year, humanitarian conditions in Somalia
continue to be chronic, Mark Bowden, the UN humanitarian coordinator for
Somalia, said here Friday.
Interview: "A huge amount still remains to be done" in Pakistan
flood relief effort
by Rebekah Mintzer
CSTO leaders eye on regional security situation
Leaders of the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO) member states
Friday issued some 30 documents here, pledging to make "maximum efforts to
ensure peace. "
UN calls on Haitians to "remain calm, refrain from violence"
after election
The UN Security Council urged Haitian authorities and citizens to maintain peace
and rule of law in their country after contested elections, Susan Rice, U.S.
ambassador to the UN who holds the rotating Council presidency for December,
said here Friday.
Urgent: Gold tumbles on China tightening policy
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on Friday
tumbled as China ordered lenders to reserve more funds in the central bank, a
tightening measure that is expected to curb inflation and slow economic growth.
Urgent: Hillary Clinton to stress role of parties to end Mideast
conflict: spokesman
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will make clear Friday evening that the
United States remains committed to the Mideast peace process but the
responsibility to end the conflict ultimately rests with the parties themselves.
UN chief appoints former Japanese diplomat as special advisor on
human security
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon here Friday appointed former Japanese diplomat
Yukio Takasu as his special advisor on human security.
Urgent: Crude prices break below 88 dollars a barrel
Crude prices broke below 88 U.S. dollars a barrel on Friday with light, sweet
crude for January delivery falling 58 cents to 87.49 U.S. dollars a barrel on
the New York Mercantile.
World "cannot be silent" on discrimination based on sexual,
gender identity: UN chief
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Friday said the international community
"cannot be silent" on discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender
identity.
3rd LD Writethru: Moldova's top court orders recount of snap
election
Moldova's Constitutional Court on Friday ordered a vote recount in the Nov. 28
early legislative elections, after examining an application by the Communists.
Merkel, Sarkozy present united front ahead of EU summit
German and French leaders found a converged voice Friday, one week ahead of a
key EU summit, vowing to toughly defend the euro but oppose the ideas of setting
up euro zone bonds or expanding current crisis fund.
U.S. special envoy Holbrooke hospitalized
Richard Holbrooke, the U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan, was
taken to the hospital on Friday after he felt ill at the State Department,
department spokesman Philip Crowley said.
U.S. state demands access to Google's Street View data
Attorney general in the U.S. state of Connecticut on Friday issued a legal
demand to Google, compelling the company to provide access to data improperly
collected by its Street View cars.
1st LD-Writethru: Oil falls on China's tightening policy,
stronger dollar
Crude prices Friday broke below 88 U.S. dollars a barrel as China raised bank
reserve requirement and positive economic data lifted dollar.
Gold tumbles as China tightens policy
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on Friday
tumbled as China ordered lenders to reserve more funds in the central bank, a
tightening measure that is expected to curb inflation and slow economic growth.
Urgent: Wall Street gains on more positive economic data
U.S. stocks rose on Friday as more positive data signaled economy recovery. All
three major indexes ended up at the closing.
1st LD-Writethru: Hillary Clinton to stress role of parties to
end Mideast conflict: spokesman
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will make clear Friday evening that the
United States remains committed to the Mideast peace process but the
responsibility to end the conflict ultimately rests with the parties themselves.
Parties of Western Sahara conflict to hold next round of informal
talks
Delegations from Morocco, the Frente Polisario, Algeria and Mauritania will meet
for the next round of informal talks on the Western Sahara conflict next week,
UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters here Friday.
Hydrogen buses ready for UK's first zero-emission route in London
Hydrogen buses which emit only water were unveiled Friday in London, which would
welcome more such buses to create UK's first zero-emission bus route.
Former Croatian Prime Minister arrested in Austria
Former Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader was arrested Friday in Salzburg,
Austria, on charge of corruption, Austrian newspaper Kurier reported.
Urgent: Tax cut deal could minimize chance of  U.S. economic
recession: Clinton
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton said Friday at a White House press conference
that the tax compromise between the White House with Republicans was a "good
deal", as it could help minimize the chance of the U.S. economy slipping back
into recession and could maximize the chance of job creation.
UN chief calls for final end to racism
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Friday delivered an impassioned plea to the
world community to eradicate racism once and for all, saying "the international
community cannot accept that whole communities are marginalized because of the
color of their skin."
UN chief calls for final end to racism
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Friday delivered an impassioned plea to the
world community to eradicate racism once and for all, saying "The international
community cannot accept that whole communities are marginalized because of the
color of their skin."
Fluminense re-signs Conca for five years
Vice-president of Fluminense, Alcides Antunes, announced on Friday the re-
signing of Argentinean star midfielder Dario Conca, in which Antunes considered
the negotiation an early Christmas present.
Dutch citizen named new registrar for Special Tribunal for
Lebanon
Dutch national Herman von Hebel was appointed this week by UN Secretary-General
Ban Ki-moon as the new registrar of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon (STL), UN
spokesman Martin Nesirky said here Friday.
Dutch citizen named new registrar for Special Tribunal for
Lebanon
Dutch national Herman von Hebel was appointed this week by UN Secretary-General
Ban Ki-moon as the new registrar of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon (STL), UN
spokesman Martin Nesirky said here Friday.
German Bundesliga results
Following are the results from the 16th round of the Bundesliga, the German
first-division football league (home team listed first):
U.S. reaffirms support for Lebanon
Vice President Joe Biden on Friday reaffirmed U.S. commitment to Lebanon's
sovereignty, independence and stability.
Snooker UK Championship results
Following are the snooker UK Championship results on Friday:
JSF program to bring 12 bln dollars in potential opportunities to
Canada: official
The Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) program provides an unprecedented opportunity for
Canadian firms to take part in the global supply chains that will define the
aerospace and defense sectors for the next 40 years, said Gary Goodyear,
Minister of State (Science and Technology) here Monday.
Airbus senior official accused for insider trading
Airbus Chief Operating Officer John Leahy is being investigated for alleged
"insider trading" by French authorities, local media reported on Friday.
Dollar mixed on U.S. trade data, consumer sentiment
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Friday as the U.S. trade deficit narrowed and consumer sentiment index rose.
Italy's pension system recovers 4.5 billion euros from tax
evasion fight
Italy's pension system has recovered during the year a total of 4.5 billion
euros of evaded taxes and 1. 5 billion euros of unpaid contributions, according
to a report issued by the National Institute of Social Security (INPS) on
Friday.
Chicago grains woe on high-than-expected supply estimates
Chicago grains collectively tumbled on Friday, as the U.S. government raised the
projections of major grains' inventories, which is out of earlier expectations.
1st LD-Writethru: Tax cut deal could minimize chance of  U.S.
economic recession: Clinton
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton said Friday at a White House press conference
that the tax compromise between the White House and Republicans was a "good
deal", as it could help minimize the chance of the U.S. economy slipping back
into recession and could maximize the chance of job creation.
German troops enter France, symbol of "deep friendship"
A battalion of German combat troops is formally stationed in eastern border of
France on Friday, a gesture that showed the two European powers would never
clash with guns and bullets.
Iran condemns attacks against nuclear scientists
Iran strongly condemns the attacks killing Iranian nuclear scientists over the
past weeks as "terrorist attacks," the Iranian permanent representative to the
UN, Mohammed Khazaee, said in an open letter to UN leaders issued here Friday.
Canadian stocks manage a slight weekly gain
Canadian stocks rose on Friday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index closed up 72.53
points, or 0.55 percent, at 13,239.47. For the week, the benchmark equity index
rose a minor 0.46 percent.
U.S. and other states oppose whaling in Southern Ocean
The United States, Australia, the Netherlands and New Zealand on Friday
expressed opposition to whaling in the Southern Ocean and concern about
confrontations there that will eventually lead to injury or loss of life.
Italian police cracks down on Mafia-Ndrangheta joint venture
Italian police arrested 49 alleged mafia associates Friday on suspicion of
crimes involving international drug trafficking and racketeering, Milan tax
police said in a statement.
Former Croatian prime minister arrested in Austria: media
Former Croatian prime minister Ivo Sanader, who is accused of corruption, has
been arrested in Austria, Croatian state television said Friday.
Overseas Chinese in Norway protest against Nobel Committee's
wrong decision
More than 200 overseas Chinese in Norway demonstrated here on Friday to protest
against the Nobel Committee's decision to confer this year's Nobel Peace Prize
to Liu Xiaobo, a convicted Chinese criminal.
German troop stationed in France for first time after World War
II
For the first time since World War II, a battalion of German combat troops was
officially welcomed into France Friday, a new sign of comprehensive
reconciliation between the two European powers.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 11
Somali pirates have hijacked a Liberian-flagged container ship east of Tanzania
with 23 crew members onboard, European Union (EU) anti-piracy force said late
Friday.
Milan Expo 2015 seen to boost foreign investment in Italy
The annual assembly of the Association of Foreign Banks in Italy (AIBE) kicked
off here on Friday, paving the way for an increase in foreign investment in view
of Milan Expo 2015.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's three major stock markets closed mixed on Friday.
Brazil's industrial employment stable for third consecutive month
Brazil's industrial employment level was stable in October compared to
September, the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE) said on
Friday.
Urgent: Clinton says U.S. still committed to two-state solution
to Israeli-Palestinian  conflict
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Friday that the United States is
still committed to a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Urgent: Clinton urges Israel, Palestine to "grapple with core
issues" of their conflict
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Friday that now it is time for
Israel and the Palestinians to "grapple with core issues" of their conflict.
Brazilian stocks down 2 percent in the week
Brazil's Sao Paulo Stock Exchange's (Bovespa) Ibovespa indicator dropped by 2.04
percent this week after closing at 68,341 points on Friday, up 0.68 percent from
Thursday.
Walking helps hospitalized seniors: U.S. study
Hospitalized elderly patients who take even short walks around a hospital unit
tend to leave the hospital sooner than their more sedentary peers, a new U.S.
study published on Friday suggests.
1st LD: Clinton urges Israel, Palestine to tackle core issues of
their conflict
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Friday that now it is time for
Israel and the Palestinians to "grapple with core issues" of their conflict.
Exports at two major U.S. ports approach pro-recession record
Spurred by demand from developing countries like China, India, Indonesia and
Malaysia, exports at Los Angeles and Long Beach ports are on track to approach
the records set before the global recession, newly released figures showed.
Greek PM calls for national consensus on austerity measures,
reforms
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou on Friday repeated a plea for national
consensus on austerity measures and structural reforms promoted by his socialist
government this year to tackle a severe debt crisis.
UN praises Colombian rebels' plan to free 5 hostages
The United Nations on Friday hailed the announcement by the rebel Revolutionary
Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) of its plan to hand over five hostages to former
Senator Piedad Cordoba.
Mexico, U.S. revise agenda for agricultural cooperation
Mexico and the United States have revised their bilateral agenda in agriculture,
livestock, and fishing, and emphasized technical and sanitary cooperation, the
Mexican government said on Friday.
Ecuadorian vice president calls for inclusion of disabled
population
Ecuadorian Vice President Lenin Moreno on Friday called on the countries of
Latin America to find "new ways to encourage social, labor, educational, and
cultural inclusion" of the disabled population.
Bolivian president announces new pension law
Bolivian President Evo Morales announced on Friday a new pension law, which will
transfer pensions administrated by   Spanish Bank BBVA and Zurich Financial to a
state entity.
Mexican's main drug lord killed in raid
Nazario Moreno Gonzalez, Mexico's main drug lord of the criminal organization
"La Familia," was killed on Thursday night during an operation led by federal
police and the army in the western state of Michoacan, a security official said
Friday.
2nd LD Writethru: Clinton urges Israel, Palestine to tackle core
issues of conflict
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Friday that now it is time for
Israel and the Palestinians to "grapple with core issues" of their decades-long
conflict.
Entrance to Panama Canal bridge closed due to rain damage
One of the entrances to the Centennial Bridge, which crosses the Panama Canal,
was temporarily closed to transit shipping on Friday, due to cracks in the
bridge's pavement, Public Works Minister Federico Suarez said.
UN chief calls for worldwide road traffic safety awareness
"All of us can play a part in increasing safety and promoting sustainable
transport," UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said here Thursday while supporting
a road-safety campaign.
Joe Mantegna's daughter named Miss Golden Globe
Actor Joe Mantegna's daughter Gia Mantegna was named on Thursday night as Miss
Golden Globe to serve at the 2011 Golden Globe awards ceremony.
Proton launch postponed due to failure: media
The next launch of the Proton-M carrier rocket with an European KA-SAT
telecommunications satellite slated for Dec. 20 was postponed, Interfax news
agency reported on Friday.
Urgent: Croatia issues international arrest warrant for ex-PM
Croatia has issued an international arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Ivo
Sanader, who left the country just before parliament lifted his immunity from
prosecution, police sources said on Friday.
German stocks open higher
German stocks opened higher Friday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Croatia issues international arrest warrant for ex-PM
Croatia has issued an international arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Ivo
Sanader, who left the country just before parliament lifted his immunity from
prosecution, police sources said on Friday.
Montegrappa partners with Sylvester Stallone
Legendary Hollywood filmmaker Sylvester Stallone has teamed up with Montegrappa,
Italy's most revered manufacturer of fine writing instruments, acquiring an
interest in the brand and serving as a Montegrappa brand ambassador, the company
said on Thursday.
London stock market rises in early trading
London stock market rose in opening on Friday, with the leading FTSE 100 index
up 4.12 points at 5,812.08 points in early trading.
Blanketing fog paralyzes Tbilisi International Airport
Heavy fog on Friday paralysed the Tbilisi International Airport, diverting
incoming flights and delaying taking-off of outgoing flights.
Feature: German traditions bring holiday cheer to Vancouver
Christmas Market
by Christine McLaren
Chinese delegation hopes countries abide by one-China policy at
Cancun
A Chinese diplomat on Thursday voiced opposition to proposals made by several
countries to bring Taiwan into the negotiation process of the UN Framework
Convention on Climate Change as an observer.
France's October industrial output down 0.8 pct
France's industry production fell by 0.8 percent in October from a month earlier
due to sharp decline in refining activities hardly hit by long strikes over
retirement reforms, data released by the national statistics bureau INSEE showed
on Friday.
Ukraine launches administrative reform, cuts ministries
President Viktor Yanukovych has launched a series of administrative reforms that
substantially reduces the number of central executive agencies, the president's
press office says.
China's chief negotiator hails NGO efforts to fight climate
change
Nongovernmental organizations' (NGOs) contribution to fighting climate change
should not be overlooked, China's climate chief negotiator, Xie Zhenhua, said
here Thursday.
Russia, Kazakhstan leaders ink agreements on ties
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and his Kazakh counterpart Nursultan
Nazarbayev Friday inked a two- year action plan here to enhance bilateral
relations.
Labor costs fall in Spain in Q3
The average labor cost per hour in Spain fell 2 percent in the third quarter of
2010 compared with the same period last year, according to provisional data
published Friday by Spain's National Institute of Statistics (INE).
France, Kuwait to invest heavily in Areva capital
France's state-run nuclear group Areva will raise 900 million euros (1.19
billion U.S. dollars) in a share sale from a Kuwaiti sovereign wealth fund and
the French state to finance its investment, the economy ministry said Friday.
Kim Jong Il inspects factories, new department store
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK),
recently inspected two light industrial factories here and the newly built
Pothonggang Department Store, the official news agency KCNA reported Friday.
Hacker shuts down Dutch ministry website
The website of the Dutch public prosecution and police department were shut down
by hackers Friday, after a young hacker was arrested over the cyber attacks in
support of WikiLeaks on Wednesday.
EU backs U.N. chief's efforts to accelerate Cyprus talks
The European Union (EU) on Friday voiced its full support for U.N. Secretary-
General Ban Ki-moon's bid to speed up Cyprus' reunification process and bring it
to a successful end.
London stock market down by midday
The London stock market fell by midday on Friday with the leading FTSE 100 index
down just 3.11 points at 5,804.85 points at noon.
Icelandic families receive Christmas cookies made by inmates
About 1000 cash-strapped families in Iceland received Christmas gifts from an
unusual source this year: cookies made by prisoners, local newspaper
Frettabladid said Friday.
EU, India agree to conclude FTA negotiations by spring 2011
The European Union (EU) and India had agreed to conclude negotiations on a Free
Trade Agreement (FTA) by spring 2011, the European Commission said here Friday.
( The EU and India held their 11th bilateral summit Friday, the first under the
Lisbon Treaty, in order to review the whole spectrum of bilateral, regional and
global issues of common interest and strengthen the ties between the two.
Bulgaria wants more EU subsidies for farmers: official
Bulgaria called for more European Union (EU) subsidies for its agriculture
Friday, and declared it would work hard to protect the interests of its farmers.
OPEC ups 2010 world oil demand growth forecast
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) raised its forecast
Friday for global oil-demand growth this year, driven by an optimistic global
economic outlook.
Iceland reaches a deal with Britain, Netherlands in bank dispute
Iceland has reached a draft agreement with Britain and Netherlands over the
Icesave bank collapse, according to a summary statement by the Icelandic
negotiating committee reaching here from Reykjavik Friday.
Urgent: Moldova's top court orders vote-recounting of snap
election
Moldova's Constitutional Court on Friday ordered recounting of the votes cast in
the November 28 early legislative elections, after examining the application
submitted by the Communists.
DPRK's forein minister to visit Russia: media
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) Foreign Minister Pak Ui Chun will
visit Moscow on Dec. 12-15 for talks with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov,
the Interfax news agency reported Friday.
NATO sees Russian membership as hypothetical
Russia's accession to NATO remained a hypothetical question, newly appointed
head of NATO's information bureau in Moscow Robert Pszel told local media
Friday.
1st LD: Moldova's top court orders recount of snap election
Moldova's Constitutional Court on Friday ordered a vote recount in the Nov. 28
early legislative elections, after examining an application by the Communists.
Flights resume at Tbilisi Airport after blanket fog lifts
International flights have resumed at Tbilisi International Airport after heavy
fog halted aircraft movements earlier on Friday, according to airport
management.
U.S. trade deficit narrows to nine-month low in October
The U.S. trade deficit in October dropped to 38.7 billion dollars, a nine-month
low, due to rising export demand and lower imports, the Commerce Department
announced Friday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 10
Moldova's Constitutional Court on Friday ordered a vote recount in the Nov. 28
early legislative elections, after examining an application by the Communists.
Commentary: The cliches of Nobel Committee chairman
by Ji Shiping
Dutch postal workers to continue strike next week
TNT Post postal workers, who are on the last day of a three-day strike Friday,
have announced they will continue their strike next week.
Dutch soccer league result
Following is the Dutch soccer league result on Friday:
Belgian soccer league result
Following is the Belgian league result on Friday:
Higgins reaches UK Championship final
Scotland's John Higgins reached the Snooker UK Championship final on Friday by
beating Mark Allen of Northern Ireland 9-5.
Urgent: Blazevic named Chinese Olympic soccer team head coach
Veteran Croatian coach Miroslav Blazevic was named the new head coach of the
Chinese Olympic soccer team here on Saturday.
Blazevic named Chinese Olympic soccer team head coach
Veteran Croatian coach Miroslav Blazevic was named the new head coach of the
Chinese Olympic soccer team here on Saturday.
Pakistani hockey umpire gets promotion in Intl hockey
Pakistan's International hockey umpire Haider Rasool got promotion to the rank
of Outdoor Grade 1 International Umpire by the International Hockey Federation
(FIH), Pakistan Hockey Federation (PHF) Said on Friday.
(China Sports) Barrier-free Guangzhou ready for Asian Para Games
When Pakistani athlete Naseen Ahmed, who uses a wheelchair, declared at the
customs in the Guangzhou Baiyun international airport, he found that the counter
had been lowered to 0.8 meters and he filled in the declaration form with ease.
High security guaranteed in Bangladesh during World Cup Cricket:
Minister
Bangladeshi Home Minister Sahara Khatun on Thursday assured of the highest
security measures during the World Cup Cricket beginning in Bangladesh's capital
Dhaka on Feb. 19, leading English newspaper The Independent reported Friday.
Lin Dan quits Hong Kong Badminton Open
The badminton "grand slam" winner Lin Dan pulled out of Hong Kong Open Super
Series before the quarterfinals here on Friday as he did in the China Open
earlier this month.
Top Spanish athlete among those arrested in doping scandal
Spanish sport is reeling from the news that top Spanish athlete, Martha
Dominguez has been arrested for her supposed involvement in a doping ring.
Nigeria calls for sports sponsorship with tax rebate
Nigeria is willing to create an enabling environment for private sector
partnership in sports development, Patrick Ekeji, the Director-General, National
Sports Commission (NSC) has said.
Late show for title favorites in Spain's Matchday 15
BBVA Primera Liga favorites FC Barcelona and second placed Real Madrid will have
to bide their time before playing their respective matches in matchday 15 in
Spain.
China's top male shuttlers quit Hong Kong Open with top duo
ousted
China's leading men's singles Lin Dan and Chen Jin both pulled out of the Hong
Kong Badminton Open here on Friday before the quarterfinals, a bit later than
they did here last year.
German pair hold clean lead over local favorites Pang/Tong at
figure skating GP Final
Twice world champions Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy, representing Germany,
claimed a clean edge over reigning world title holders Pang Qing and Tong Jian
after the pairs short program at the four-day competitions of 2010 Grand Prix of
Figure Skating Final here on Friday.
(China Sports) CBA kicks off new season and battle against
scandal
By Sportswriters Shan Lei, Fang Lie
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 10
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 10:
China calls for further cultural exchanges via Confucius
Institute
A Chinese state councilor said on Friday that the Confucius Institute is facing
a "new starting point", calling for increased cultural exchanges between China
and foreign countries via the institution.
Japanese local assembly members' isle landing infringes China's
sovereignty, spokeswoman
China Friday protested two Japanese local assembly members' landing on an isle
of the Diaoyu Islands, saying the move seriously infringed China's territorial
sovereignty.
China hits back at some western politicians' support for Nobel
Peace Prize
China on Friday night hit back at some western politicians' support for this
year's Nobel Peace Prize that was awarded to a convicted Chinese criminal,
reiterating its opposition to interference in its internal affairs.
Signed article: Justice will prevail
by Xia Dongmei
Chinese central gov't to send panda pair to Macao on Dec. 18
The Chinese central government will send a pair of giant pandas to the Macao
Special Administrative Region (SAR) next Saturday as all preparation work has
been finished.
Cold fronts to bring temperature drops in China
Cold fronts will hit northern China Saturday and most parts of China in the
following three days, bringing sharp temperature drops, meteorological
authorities said Saturday.
Urgent: China's November CPI up 5.1 pct, a 28-month high
China's consumer price index (CPI), a major gauge of inflation, rose to a
28-month high of 5.1 percent in November, the National Bureau of Statistics
(NBS) said Saturday.
1st Ld: China's retail sales of consumer goods up 18.7 pct in
November
China's retail sales of consumer goods grew 18.7 percent in November year on
year, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said Saturday.
1st Ld: China's industrial value-added output growth quickens to
13.3 pct in Nov.
China's industrial value-added output year-on-year growth quickened to 13.3
percent in November from 13.1 percent in October, the National Bureau of
Statistics (NBS) said Saturday.
1st Ld: China's urban fixed-asset investment up 24.9 pct in first
11 months
China's urban fixed asset investment rose 24.9 percent in the first 11 months
year on year to hit 21.07 trillion yuan (3.19 trillion U.S. dollars), China's
statistics authority said Saturday.
1st Ld: China's November CPI up 5.1 pct, a 28-month high
China's consumer price index (CPI), a major gauge of inflation, rose to a
28-month high of 5.1 percent in November, the National Bureau of Statistics
(NBS) said Saturday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: China's retail sales of consumer goods up 18.7
pct in November
China's retail sales of consumer goods grew 18.7 percent in November year on
year, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said Saturday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: China's urban fixed-asset investment up 24.9
pct in first 11 months
China's urban fixed asset investment rose 24.9 percent in the first 11 months
year on year to hit 21.07 trillion yuan (3.19 trillion U.S. dollars), China's
statistics authority said Saturday.
China cultural news in brief: Engineer training; Bowl-shaped
tomb; Chinese language  tutors
The following are some of China's cultural and archeological news items in
brief.
2nd Ld: China's November CPI up 5.1 pct, a 28-month high
China's consumer price index (CPI), a major gauge of inflation, rose to a
28-month high of 5.1 percent in November, the National Bureau of Statistics
(NBS) said Saturday.
China Focus: Chinese cool on report calling Shanghai students
smartest
by Xinhua writer Yang Dingdu
2nd Ld-Writethru: China's industrial value-added output up 13.3
pct in Nov.
China's industrial value-added output year-on-year growth quickened to 13.3
percent in November from 13.1 percent in October, the National Bureau of
Statistics (NBS) said Saturday.
Sinopec agrees to buy Occidental's Argentina unit for 2.45 bln
USD
China Petrochemical Group (Sinopec Group), China's largest oil refiner, said
Friday it has agreed to purchase U.S. Occidental Petroleum Corp.'s Argentinean
subsidiary for 2.45 billion U.S. dollars.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.68 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved down 157. 30 points, or 0.68 percent, to close Friday's
morning session at 23,014.50 points.
China Exclusive: Imperial mahogany furniture sees a renaissance
outside Forbidden  City in China
by Xinhua writers Wu Yilong, Meng Zhaoli and Zhao Wei
Japanese electronics giant Yamada Denki opens first store in
China
Yamada Denki, Japan's largest consumer electronics retailer, Friday opened an
outlet in Shenyang, capital of northeast China's Liaoning Province.
China stocks close up Friday
Chinese shares higher Friday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up 1.07
percent, or 30.09, to end at 2,841.04.
Shanghai stock indices close up -- Dec. 10
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,841.04 Friday, up 30.09 points, or 1.07 percent, from the previous close.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec.10
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,161.98 points Friday, up 38.61 points, or 1.24
percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices close up -- Dec. 10
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed higher Friday
to end at 12,460.46 points, up 107.2 points, or 0.87 percent.
Xinhua's CNC English-language TV channel to reach African cable
audiences
CNC World, the English-language channel of Xinhua News Agency's TV arm, CNC,
will reach cable television audiences in Africa from Jan. 1, 2011, according to
an agreement signed Friday between CNC and South Africa-based MIH Group.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 10
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, rose
1.95 percent, or 22.27 points, to close at 1,166.8 on Friday.
China stock index futures close up Friday
China's stock index futures close up Friday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, was up 0.81 percent to close at 3,171.6.
China taps brainpower of its college-educated old people
A national volunteer program that recruits college-educated people aged over 60
to help in health care, education and other fields has benefited 200 million
people in the past eight years, the China National Committee on Ageing (CNCA)
announced Friday.
China needs binding development targets on living standards:
expert
China's government should set binding targets on standards of living for the
next five years and make such targets criteria for evaluating the work of
authorities, a social security expert has proposed.
lst LD: China's November new yuan-denominated lending falls on-
month
New yuan-denominated lending in China in November dropped to 564 billion yuan
from 587.7 billion yuan in October, the People's Bank of China (PBOC), China's
central bank, said Friday.
3rd Ld-Writethru: China Focus: China property prices rise 0.3 pct
on-month in November
Property prices in 70 major Chinese cities rose 0.3 percent in November month on
month and 7.7 percent year on year, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said
Friday.
Tighter control of China's plastic surgery industry promised
after singer's death
China's Health Ministry has vowed to tighten supervision of the cosmetic surgery
industry after the controversial death of a young woman during an operation last
month.
China's November fiscal revenue grows 16.1 pct year on year
China's fiscal revenue rose 16.1 percent year on year to 584.07 billion yuan
(87.7 billion U.S. dollars) in November, the Ministry of Finance announced
Friday.
Hong Kong stocks close flat
Hong Kong stocks dipped 8.89 points, or 0.04 percent, to finish at 23,162.91 on
Friday.
Hong Kong Customs foils marked oil smuggling by fishing vessel
Hong Kong Customs Friday announced that about 150,000 liters of marked oil worth
about 800,000 HK dollars (about 104,000 U.S. dollars) were seized during an
anti- smuggling sea patrol on Dec. 7.
2nd LD-Writethru: China's November new yuan-denominated lending
falls on-month
New yuan-denominated lending in China in November dropped to 564 billion yuan
from 587.7 billion yuan in October, the People's Bank of China (PBOC), China's
central bank, said Friday.
3rd LD-Writethru-China Focus: China November foreign trade growth
strong but bumpy  road forecast for 2011
Although China's foreign trade hit a historic high in November, boosted by
rising demand ahead of the Christmas shopping season, economists forecast a
bumpy road next year.
China computer virus creator donates cash for panda, works for
web security
A Chinese computer hacker who was jailed for four years for damaging millions of
computers gave a cash donation Friday to a research base for giant pandas in an
act of remorse for a virus he wrote and named after the endangered bears in
2006.
1st LD-Writethru: Four dead, five injured in factory explosion in
central China
A blast at a pharmaceutical factory Friday in a county of central China's Hubei
Province has killed four workers and injured five others, said local
authorities.
China economic news in brief: APEC SME Summit; Int'l Automobile
Exhibition; Moutai  Auction
The following are China economic news items in brief:
1st LD-Writethru: China's November fiscal revenue up 16.1 percent
China's fiscal revenue rose 16.1 percent year on year in November to 584.07
billion yuan (87.7 billion U.S. dollars), taking the figure for the first 11
months to 7.67 trillion yuan, the Ministry of Finance announced Friday.
China, India celebrate 60th birthday of diplomatic ties
Performances of yoga and wushu launched a Chinese-Indian cultural festival in
Beijing Friday to celebrate the 60th anniversary of bilateral diplomatic
relations.
China Focus: Beijing's new traffic rules trigger hot debate
Beijing will soon release a draft traffic plan that aims to ease the city's
traffic gridlock problem, an unnamed city government official told Xinhua
Friday.
1st LD: China to raise bank reserve requirement ratio by 50 basis
points
China's central bank said Friday that it would increase the bank reserve
requirement ratio by 50 basis points from Dec. 20.
Taiwan stocks close down 0.39 pct
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Friday with the weighted index fell 35.01
points, or 0.39 percent, to close at 8,718.83, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Xinhua's mobile TV incorporated to explore new media industries
Xinhua's mobile television subsidiary was officially incorporated as a limited
liability company Friday.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close slightly lower
Hong Kong stocks dipped 8.89 points, or 0.04 percent, at 23,162.91 on Friday.
Price fixers face harsher penalties under Chinese government
regulations
Chinese vendors who collude to fix prices will face fines of up to 5 million
yuan (751,880 U.S. dollars) under new penalties to control prices.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 10
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 10:
2nd LD: China hikes bank reserve ratio in fight against inflation
China's central bank Friday announced the third increase of the reserve
requirement ratio (RRR) for banks in a month to curb runaway lending amid
accelerating inflation.
China's largest rare earth miner fortifies mines to stop theft
China's biggest rare earth miner has dug a massive trench and planted wire
fences around a mine complex in north China in a bid to prevent theft of the
minerals, says a company manager.
3rd LD: China further hikes bank reserve ratio in fight of
inflation
China's central bank Friday announced the third increase of the reserve
requirement ratio (RRR) for banks in a month to curb runaway lending amid
accelerating inflation.
China beefs up security checks for Asian Para Games
China's security authorities have been making every effort to ensure security at
the 2010 Asian Para Games which will open in south China's Guangzhou City
Sunday.
Xinhua Insight: Awarding Nobel peace prize to Liu ignores China's
true human rights  progress: scholar
A Chinese scholar on human rights said that awarding this year's Nobel peace
prize to convicted Chinese criminal Liu Xiaobo is an act that displays ignorance
of China's true human rights progress.
China's forex regulator releases violators, tighening controls on
"hot money" inflows
China's foreign exchange regulator Friday published a list of companies and one
individual involved in illegal foreign exchange deals, in an effort to tighten
controls on "hot money" inflows.
Xinhua Insight: Does China still enjoy demographic dividend?
From unknown domestic makers of small appliances to the world's largest
electronics contractor Foxconn, more firms are being lured from China's coast to
inland regions by market opportunities -- and cheap and abundant labor.
URGENT: China voices strong opposition of Noble Peace Prize to
interfere in its internal  affairs
China voiced strong opposition to this year's Nobel Peace Prize Friday, saying
the country is firmly against attempts to use the prize to interfere in its
internal affairs.
1st LD: China voices strong opposition of Noble Peace Prize to
interfere in its internal  affairs
China voiced strong opposition to this year's Nobel Peace Prize Friday, saying
the country is firmly against attempts to use the prize to interfere in its
internal affairs.
China's foreign trade to top 4 trillion USD in 2015: CCOIC head
China's foreign trade is expected to grow to 4 trillion U.S. dollars in 2015,
from 2.21 trillion U.S. dollars in 2009, says the head of the China Chamber of
International Commerce (CCOIC).
2nd LD-Writethru: China voices strong opposition of Nobel Peace
Prize to interfere  in its internal affairs
China voiced strong opposition to this year's Nobel Peace Prize Friday, saying
the country is firmly against attempts to use the prize to interfere in its
internal affairs.
Public policy expert foresees shift of world power to Asia
BEIJING, Dec. 10 (Xinhua) - Kishore Mahbubani, a well-known expert on Asian and
World affairs, said the world has entered a new era marked by the end of western
domination of world history and the rise of Asia, during his book launch here
Friday.
Snowstorm disrupts road, air traffic in NE China
Friday's heavy snowfall forced the closure of highways and airports in
northeastern China, including Jilin and Liaoning provinces and the Inner
Mongolia Autonomous Region.
China Focus: Illegal mining, lax supervision overshadow China's
efforts to reduce  "blood-stained" coal
by Xinhua writers Liang Peng and Wang Ruoyao
4th LD-Writethru-China Focus: China further hikes bank reserve
ratio in fight against  inflation
China's central bank Friday announced the third increase of the reserve
requirement ratio (RRR) for banks in a month, an unprecedented move pointing to
the urgency of curbing runaway lending amid accelerating inflation.
China's health priority shifts from communicable to chronic
disease
BEIJING, Dec. 10 (Xinhua) - China's priority in the public health sector will
shift from prevention and control of communicable diseases to treating chronic
diseases during the next five years.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index down 0.55 pct -- Dec. 10
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange went down
70.47 points, or 0.55 percent, to close at 12,661.01 on Friday.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong -- Dec. 10
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 15 HK dollars to close at 12,888 HK dollars
per tael on Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
HK's service industries buoyant in Q3
Statistics released on Friday showed that Hong Kong has recorded increase in
business receipts of almost all major service industries in the third quarter,
compared to the same period last year.
China Focus: Accuser promises "evidence" of bribes involving
"hero" journalist's  newspaper
by Xinhua Writer Ji Shaoting
Cargo air route linking Kashi-Islamabad launched
The first air cargo route linking Islamabad, Pakistan and Kashi in northwest
China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, was inaugurated on Friday.
Palestinian worker injured near Gaza-Israel border
Israeli troops shot and wounded a Palestinian worker in northern Gaza Strip,
Palestinian medics said.
Palestinian envoys to Washington won't see Israeli diplomats:
source
Palestinian officials will not see Israeli diplomats in Washington, where the
two sides are discussing reviving Middle East peace process with the U.S.
administration, a Palestinian source said.
PLO slams U.S. for not supporting Palestinian state's recognition
Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) on Saturday criticized the United States
for saying that recognition of Palestinian state was too early.
Roundup: Palestinians slam U.S. for not recognizing a state, say
no talks with Israel yet
by Saud Abu Ramadan, Fares Akram
Jordan starts investigation into football fan clash
The Jordanian government on Saturday started an investigation into clashes among
fans of rival Jordanian football teams after a match Friday that left over 150
people injured.
PFLP slams Hamas, Fatah on anniversary
The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) on Saturday slammed
Islamic Hamas movement and PNA President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah party for failing
to reconcile.
UN-sponsored forum on combating human trafficking opens in Egypt
Hundreds of world business leaders and human rights activists gathered in a UN-
sponsored forum Saturday in Luxor, Egypt to discuss the role and responsibility
of the business community in combating human trafficking.
Snowfall, storm hamper traffic across Turkey
Snowfall and storm swept across Turkey on Saturday as a result of a cold snap
from the Balkans, affecting traffic in large cities such as Istanbul and the
capital of Ankara, local media reported.
Yemen court orders death penalty on Aden stadium bomber
A Yemeni security court on Saturday ordered death penalty against a defendant
convicted of bombing a soccer stadium in the southern port city of Aden in
October, state media reported.
Qatar cancels ban on Yemen cargo flights
The Yemeni Defense Ministry said Qatar has canceled a ban on incoming cargo
flights from Yemen over a suspension imposed after the detection of Yemeni al-
Qaida- designed parcel bombs bound for the United States late October.
Interview: PNA prepares to declare success of boycotting
settlement products
by Osma Radi, Omer Othmani
Syria to spend one billion dollars to develop infrastructure,
fight poverty
Syria has decided to invest one billion U.S. dollars in 2011-2015 to develop
infrastructure and fight poverty, the Syrian Damascus Press news website
reported Saturday.
Sandstorm affects ports, air service in Egypt
A sandstorm swept across Egypt on Saturday, forcing the closure of several ports
and disrupting air service in Cairo.
2,100-year-old temple ruins discovered in Syria
Syria unearthed ruins of a temple dating back to the Nabataean era (169 B.C.-106
A.D.) in Swaida, 106 km to the south of Damascus, Syrian official SANA news
agency reported Saturday.
Chinese ambassador slams 2010 Nobel Peace Prize as "provocation"
China's new ambassador in Tunis on Saturday slammed the attribution of the 2010
Nobel Peace Prize to Liu Xiabo, calling it a gross provocation against China's
judiciary and a brutal interference in China's internal affairs.
11 killed in rebel-tribe clashes in north Yemen
Up to 11 people were killed on Saturday in clashes between Houthis-led Shiite
rebels and tribesmen in northern Yemen over accusations that the latter
sheltered some al-Qaida militants responsible for killing the rebel leader last
month, tribal and security sources said.
Four soldiers kidnapped by separatists in south Yemen
Armed southern separatists kidnapped four soldiers in Yemen's southern province
of Lahj Saturday, a provincial official told Xinhua.
Jordanian Senate denounces Friday's football clashes
Jordan's Senate on Saturday called for denouncing violence and standing up to
any evil attempts to sow seeds of sedition and divide Jordanians after Friday's
clashes among fans of rival Jordanian football teams.
Cooperative approach can facilitate negotiations between Iran,
G5+1: MP
Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani said Saturday a cooperative approach can
facilitate the negotiations between Iran and the G5+1.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 11
Israeli troops shot and wounded a Palestinian worker in northern Gaza Strip,
Palestinian medics said.
Two militants killed in clashes with Israeli soldiers in central
Gaza
Two Palestinian militants were killed and one Israeli soldier was injured
Saturday night in an exchange of fire between Palestinian militants and an
Israeli army force in central Gaza Strip, Israeli sources reported.
1st LD: Two militants killed in clashes with Israeli soldiers in
central Gaza
Two Palestinian militants were killed and an Israeli soldier injured Saturday
night during an exchange of fire between Gaza militants and Israeli soldiers in
central Gaza Strip, Israeli Radio reported.
Fiji finds mystery viral illness affecting children
Fiji's Ministry of Health has confirmed that a mystery viral illness affecting
young children has been found in the island nation, local newspaper Fiji Times
reported here Sunday.
Cancun agreements hailed by New Zealand
The New Zealand government said on Sunday that agreements reached at the climate
conference at Cancun in Mexico are the most significant in a decade and
substantial progress was made.
Signs of stronger economy in Singapore
Singapore retailers are ringing in a happier Christmas this season. The number
of people seeking help from the Chinese Development Assistance Council (CDAC)
has gone down. Both of them are signs of a stronger economy in Singapore.
Trade with Thailand dominates Myanmar foreign trade in three
quarters
Trade with Thailand dominated Myanmar's foreign trade in the first nearly three
quarters (April- December) of the fiscal year 2010-11, amounting to 2.035
billion U. S. dollars, the local Flower News reported Sunday.
Thais go to polls in by-elections in five provinces Sunday
Thai people started going to polls in by-elections in five provinces in
different regions of the country on Sunday.
Nepali Maoist proposes NC-CPN-UML gov't: NC leader
Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist)(UCPN-M) Chairman Prachanda has now
proposed that the Nepali Congress (NC) and Communist Party Nepal-Unified Marxist
Leninist (CPN-UML) should form a majority government and his party was ready to
play the role of a constructive opposition.
Kidney transplant meet world standard in Nepali hospital: media
Kidney transplant services at Bir Hospital in Kathmandu are as efficient as they
are elsewhere in the world. So far a total of 39 surgeries have been performed
at the hospital in Nepali capital Kathmandu during two years of its service.
1st LD Writethru: Suicide car bomb wounds 4 Afghan soldiers
A predawn suicide car bomb attack Saturday left four Afghan army soldiers
injured in Chardara district of Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan,
district chief Abdul Wahid Omarkhil said.
Myanmar rubber exporting strong as world rubber prices rise
Myanmar's rubber exporting has stood strong as the world rubber prices rose
recently, exporting a total of 1,156 tons in merely a week to four countries --
China, India, South Korea and Malaysia, the local Biweekly Eleven reported
Sunday.
Vehicle test center to do job in Nepali capital
With construction over, the Vehicle Fitness Test Center will soon be doing its
job in Nepali capital Kathmandu, local media reported on Sunday.
New Zealand, U.S. to cooperate on disasters management
Civil defence agencies in New Zealand and the United States have formally agreed
to step up cooperation.
Urgent: Roadside bomb kills 15 Afghan civilians
Fifteen civilians were killed as a roadside bomb struck a mini-bus they were
riding in Helmand province in southern Afghanistan, spokesman for provincial
administration Daud Ahmadi said Saturday.
Joint panel to be formed to monitor Nepali Maoist army
The secretariat, tasked with bringing Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist)
(UCPN-M) combatants under the government, has plans to form a joint mechanism
comprising security forces and People's Liberation Army (PLA) representatives to
monitor the UCPN-M combatants after United Nations Mission in Nepal departs next
month.
Four nations urge caution in Southern Ocean
New Zealand has joined the United States, Australia and the Netherlands to call
for both whaling and protest ships in the Southern Ocean to ensure safety of
life at sea.
Sri Lankan ex-combatants do well in university entrance
The ex-Tamil Tiger combatants have fared well in the examination to enter
university, officials said Sunday.
India telecom regulator recommends cancellation of 38 2G spectrum
licences
India's telecom regulator has recommended the cancellation of 38 wireless
spectrum licences held by various private companies over a multi-billion-dollar
scam which forced the country's Telecom Minister to step down.
Australia unveils banking reforms
A package of banking reforms was unveiled Sunday as Australian Treasurer Wayne
Swan aimed to help banks and non-bank institutions like credit unions and
building societies to raise funds more easily and cheaply.
1st LD Writethru: Roadside bomb kills 15 Afghan civilians
Fifteen civilians were killed as a roadside bomb struck a mini-bus they were
riding in Helmand province in southern Afghanistan, spokesman for provincial
administration Daud Ahmadi said Saturday.
Roundup: Australian gov't releases new banking reforms
By Vienna Ma
Cambodia's Prince Ranariddh officially restarts political career
Cambodia's Prince Norodom Ranariddh returned to politics on Saturday after more
than two years' departure, vowing to reunite royalists for the national election
in 2013.
Indonesia's Pertamina seeks to farm into ExxonMobil's oil, gas
fields
Indonesian state-owned oil and gas firm, PT Pertamina, hoped to obtain an
interest in ExxonMobil's overseas oil and gas blocks in exchange for the
interest it will give to the U.S. energy giant in its massive gas field in the
Natuna Sea, local media reported Saturday.
Myanmar top leader calls on Armed Forces to support new
government
Myanmar top leader Senior-General Than Shwe has called on the Armed Forces to
provide assistance and support to the incoming new government to achieve
national development, according to the official daily New Light of Myanmar
Saturday.
Indonesia's power firm plans USD bonds issue next year
Indonesia's State power utility Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN) is considering
selling dollar- denominated bonds in the second quarter next year to help fund
its power generation projects, local media reported here on Saturday.
Indonesia's car sales to Jump by 15 pct in 2011: official
Car sales in Indonesia are forecasted to grow between 10 percent and 15 percent
next year, even as the government plans to cut subsidized fuel for private
vehicles, local media reported here on Saturday.
Gangsters killing police in Sri Lanka shot dead
At least two gangsters wanted for killing two policemen have been shot dead
Saturday morning, police said.
Afghan president leaves for Turkmenistan
Afghan President Hamid Karzai left for Turkmenistan's capital Ashgabat on
Saturday to sign an agreement on trans-gas pipeline, a statement released by his
office here said.
No serious offences during anti-govenrment "red-shirts" rally:
police
No serious offences were reported during Friday anti-government "red-shirts
rally," police spokesman said on Saturday.
Leftist rebels capture village official, disarm militia outpost
in S. Philippines
Leftist rebels captured a village official and a tribal chieftain and used them
as human shields in attacking a militia outpost in this southern Philippine city
late Friday, the military said on Saturday.
Urgent: Explosion rocks Kandahar in south Afghanistan
A big blast rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan on Saturday,
casualties feared, a local official said.
Thai opposition asks gov't to give Thaksin a chance
The opposition Puea Thai Party on Saturday called on the ruling Democrat Party
to give former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra a chance to testify on the
political situation at a forum in the United States.
1st Ld Writethru: Explosion rocks Kandahar in south Afghanistan
A big blast rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan on Saturday,
casualties feared, a local official said.
2nd LdWritethru: Explosion rocks Kandahar in south Afghanistan,
wounds 6
A huge blast rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan on Saturday
wounding six people, spokesman for Kandahar governor Zalmai Ayubi said.
Chinese, Vietnamese people hold mass gala
Chinese and Vietnamese people kicked off a four-day mass gala here Saturday in
Vietnamese capital city of Hanoi to celebrate 60 years of bilateral diplomatic
ties.
Indian state of Goa to recurit women firefighters from next year
The western Indian state of Goa is likely to be the first in the country when it
starts recuriting women firefighters from next year, a local official said
Saturday.
Terror blast in Indian holy town claims second dead
The terror blast in the northern Indian holy town of Varanasi on Tuesday claimed
second Saturday, as a woman died from injuries of the blast, reported the Indo-
Asian News Service.
5 children killed in fire in northern India
Five children of a rickshaw- puller, all aged between 12 and 14, were burnt to
death here when a fire broke out in their house in the northern Indian state of
Uttar Pradesh Friday night, reported the Indo-Asian News Service Saturday.
One killed, three hurt in Yala ambush
A soldier was killed and three others were injured in a shooting ambush by
suspected insurgents in the southern border province of Yala on Saturday.
Two police officers indicted over former PM Bhutto murder
An Anti-Terrorism Court in Pakistan Saturday ordered to indict two senior police
officers accused of negligence in the killing of former Prime Minister Benazir
Bhutto.
Roundup: Permission to import used cars makes Pakistani buyers
happy, assemblers displeased
by Jamil Bhatti
11 injured as demonstrators clash with police in E. Afghanistan
Eleven people including three policemen and eight demostrators were injured as
they clashed in eastern Paktia province on Saturday, provincial police chief
Abdul Ghafar Safi said.
Four killed as gunmen strafe, burn house in S. Philippines
Four people were killed when unidentified gunmen fired at a house in a southern
Philippine city early on Saturday, police said.
Woman gives birth to four babies in S. Philippines
A woman in a southern Philippine city gave birth to four babies early Friday, a
rare case of multiple births in the region, doctors said on Saturday.
Moderate quake hits Indonesia's off Yogyakarta
JAKARTA, Dec. 11 (Xinhua) - A moderate earthquake measuring 5. 1 Richter scale
hits off Indonesia's Yogyakarta province at 19:42 local time (1242 GMT) on
Saturday, the Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency said here.
Feature: Pakistanis protests U.S. drone strikes
By Jamil Bhatti
2 police killed, 5 others injured by militants in NW. Pakistan
At least two police were killed and five others injured Saturday night by a
group of unidentified militants in Peshawar, the largest city in northwest
Pakistan, reported local Urdu TV channel Geo.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 11
A predawn suicide car bomb attack Saturday left four Afghan army soldiers
injured in Chardara district of Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan,
district chief Abdul Wahid Omarkhil said.
Urgent: Madagascar's Rajoelina promulgates new constitution
Madagascan leader Andry Rajoelina promulgated the Indian Ocean island state's
new constitution on Saturday morning after the recent national referendum amid a
mutiny.
Gbagbo's camp calls for dialogue to resolve Cote d'Ivoire crisis
The diplomatic adviser of Cote d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo has called on
the presidents in the regional to give dialogue a chance in order to resolve the
country's political stand-off.
British man visits South Africa before allegedly killing wife on
honeymoon: report
The British businessman suspected of having his wife murdered during their
honeymoon in South Africa last month reportedly visited the country a week
before his wife's death.
1st LD: Madagascar's Rajoelina promulgates new constitution
Madagascan leader Andry Rajoelina promulgated the Indian Ocean island state's
new constitution on Saturday morning after the recent national referendum amid a
mutiny.
2nd LD Writethru: Madagascar's Rajoelina promulgates new
constitution
Madagascan leader Andry Rajoelina promulgated the Indian Ocean island state's
new constitution on Saturday morning after the recent national referendum amid a
mutiny.
Mozambican police arrest woman for body parts trafficking
The Mozambican police in the western province of Tete arrested a 68-year-old
woman for trafficking human body parts, local media said on Saturday.
Senegal hosts global black arts festival
The third edition of the Global Black Arts Festival (FESMAN) was opened on
Friday night by Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade in the presence of his
counterparts from Guinea-Bissau, Equatorial Guinea and Mauritania.
Gabonese president inaugurates new oil field
Gabonese President Ali Bongo Ondimba on Friday inaugurated the Koula oil field
which will be operated by Shell company, the country's national television
station RTG 1 reported.
Nigeria says recession forces low demand of oil export
The Nigerian government has said there has been low demand of the country's oil
due to recession experienced by her major trading partners.
Nigeria recovered 11 bln USD from financial fraud: VP
Nigerian Vice President Namadi Sambo on Friday said the Economic and Financial
Crimes Commission (EFCC) had so far convicted 400 persons and recovered 11
billion U.S. dollars.
Nigeria wins silver medal in IJSO competition
Nigeria, the host country of the 2010 International Junior Science Olympiad
(IJSO), won a silver medal award at 7th edition of the competition, which was
concluded in Abuja on Friday.
African leaders to meet over illegal exploitation of natural
resources
African leaders from 11 countries are set to meet in Zambia next week for a
special summit on natural resources.
Cholera claims 1,900 lives in West African countries in 2010
Cholera was responsible for some 1, 900 deaths in eight West African countries
this year, Nigeria's Minister of Health Onyebuchi Chukwu has announced.
Interview: China-Africa economic growth to facilitate stronger
relations
by David Musyoka
Two Singaporeans arrested with 92 kg illegal raw ivory seized in
Kenya
Kenya's wildlife authorities on Friday night arrested two Singaporean suspects
checking in at the country's Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Nairobi,
with 92 kg of illegal raw ivory seized.
South African police probe link of slain UK tourist to 2007
murder
South African police are investigating a link between a 2007 murder in South
Africa and the slaying of UK tourist Anni Dewani last month.
Madagascar's Rajoelina declares new republic
Madagascar's President of the Highest Transitional Authority (HAT), Andry
Rajoelina, on Saturday declared the installation of the fourth republic in the
Indian Ocean island country hours after promulgating a new Constitution.
Rwandan president to attend Burkina Faso's 50th independence
anniversary
Rwandan President Paul Kagame is to attend Burkina Faso's 50th independence
anniversary celebration scheduled for Saturday, the State House sources
announced.
Urgent: Somali pirates free Liberian-flagged ship: report
Somali pirates have freed the Liberian-flagged MV ELENI P which they captured on
Friday, media reports said Saturday.
1st LD: Somali pirates release Liberian-flagged ship
Somali pirates have released the Liberian-flagged MV Eleni P, seven months after
she was seized about 250 nautical miles off the Omani coast, EU anti-piracy
mission confirmed on Saturday.
Maddof's son found dead in NYC apartment
Mark Maddof, one of imprisoned U. S. financier Bernard Madoff's sons, was found
dead in his own apartment of apparent suicide in New York early Saturday
morning.
Obama urges Congress to pass tax cut deal
U.S. President Barack Obama called for Congress to pass his tax-cut agreement
with Republicans in order to strengthen economic recovery and create jobs.
U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan, Pakistan in critical
condition
U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke is "in
critical condition" and has been joined by his family, the U.S. State Department
said on Saturday.
Survey: Two in 10 underage Greeks live in poverty
Approximately two out of 10 Greeks aged 0-17 years old today live in poverty,
announced on Saturday Greek National Center of Social Surveys experts on the
occasion of the World Children Day.
Turkmenistan celebrates 15th anniversary of Neutrality Day
Turkmenistan celebrated 15th anniversary of the Neutrality Day on Saturday, with
an international meeting held which was attended by more than 300
representatives from countries, organizations and media.
TAPI gas pipeline agreement signed
Representatives from Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India signed the
Turkmenistan- Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) Natural Gas Pipeline Framework
Agreement between the Government on Saturday, as well as a government agreement
on measures to implement the gas pipeline project.
Obama calls leaders of Mexico, Turkey following WikiLeaks
revelations
U.S. President Barack Obama on Saturday called respectively Mexican President
Felipe Calderon and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to underscore
bilateral relations following the embarrassing revelations by the whistle-blower
website WikiLeaks.
Depression drug helps breast cancer treatment: study
Applying a depression drug to breast cancer treatment may relieve joint and
muscle pain, a new study revealed on Saturday.
Car explosions kill 1 in central Stockholm, capital of Sweden
Two cars exploded at the downtown of Stockholm on Saturday, killing one person
and injuring two others.
Germany, India vow to boost trade, cement ties
The leaders of Germany and India pledged Saturday to expand bilateral trade by
more than 50 percent in the next two years, while intensifying cooperation on
transfer of high technology and the United Nations reform.
Italy's PM reassures supporters ahead of confidence vote
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi reassured his supporters here on
Saturday that he will win the confidence vote on Dec. 14 although his government
will not be as strong as before.
Feature: Christmas crisis looming over Italian working families
by Marzia De Giuli
U.S. hails Cancun agreements
The United States on Saturday described the Cancun Agreements on fighting global
warming as a " balanced and significant step forward" and pledged to work on
with "our friends and partners" to keep the world focused on this urgent
challenge and continue building on this progress.
Roundup: Final accord reached at Cancun despite Bolivia's
objection
The U.N. climate change conference finally came up with a way forward in the
fight against global warming early Saturday after an all-night session,
overruling objections from Bolivia.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 12
Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani said Saturday a cooperative approach can
facilitate the negotiations between Iran and the G5+1.
OPEC ministers make "no-change" policy in output
OPEC ministers announced Saturday to maintain its oil output at current level
while Saudi Arabia voiced favor for a price between 70 to 80 dollars per barrel.
1st LD: OPEC ministers make "no-change" policy on output
OPEC ministers announced Saturday to maintain its oil output at current level
while Saudi Arabia voiced favor for a price between 70 to 80 dollars per barrel.
1st LD Writethru: Car explosions in central Stockholm planned
terrorist attack
Two explosions hit Stockholm on Saturday were a failed terrorist attack which
might have caused catastrophic consequences, Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt
said on Sunday.
Perchlorate in drinking water more detrimental to infants than
expected: study
Infants who drink water containing low levels of the chemical perchlorate face a
greater health risk than previously believed, a new study suggests.
Obama speaks highly of his special envoy for Afghanistan,
Pakistan
U.S. President Barack Obama on Saturday described Richard Holbrooke, his special
envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan who is "in critical condition" at hospital,
as "a towering figure in American foreign policy."
New York City Ballet performs "The Nutcracker" with style
The New York City Ballet put on its greatest hit "The Nutcracker" on Saturday at
Lincoln Center, offering thousands of audiences a thrilling experience and a
festival of joy.
2nd LD Writethru: OPEC meeting leaves oil output unchanged
OPEC ministers announced Saturday the oil output would remain unchanged, while
Saudi Arabia said it favors a price between 70 to 80 dollars per barrel.
Venezuelan president names minister for Caracas reconstruction
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Friday named incumbent Culture Minister
Francisco Sesto as minister of state (Urban Reconstruction) to reconstruct
Caracas, which was hit seriously by heavy rains.
IDB reports increase in L.America's exports in 2010
The value of exports from Latin America to the rest of the world grew 29 percent
in 2010, reaching 853 billion U.S. dollars, and reversing a 23-percent fall in
2009, the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) said on Friday.
Exports at two major U.S. ports approach pre-recession record
EDS: Refiles with correction of typo in headline
Draft climate deal urges rich nations to cut emissions up to 40
percent
A draft deal from the ongoing UN climate meeting in the Mexican resort city
Friday called on rich countries to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 25 to 40
percent compared with 1990 levels.
Mexico facilitates meetings for at least 300 NGOs during climate
change conference
Mexico' s Foreign Ministry has facilitated meetings involving at least 300
different non- governmental  organizations (NGOs) at the Climate Village in
resort city Cancun, Luis Hermosillo Sosa, the Village coordinator said on
Friday.
UN climate conference proposes new body to govern funding
The president of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC)
published a new draft document covering long-term commitment actions (LCA) on
Friday, which includes detailed financing plans but no binding emission cut
targets.
Feature: Vancouver dance school remains a step ahead
by Al Campbell
Urgent: Senior Chinese, U.S. military officials to exchange
visits in 2011
Senior Chinese and U.S. military officials will exchange visits in 2011, a
Chinese Defense Ministry official said Friday.
Senior Chinese, U.S. defense officials to exchange visits in 2011
Senior Chinese and U.S. military officials will exchange visits in 2011, a
Chinese Defense Ministry official said here Friday.
Chinese delegation supports drafts at Cancun conference
China expressed support for the two draft documents presented at the UN climate
change conference, the head of the Chinese delegation said Friday.
Urgent: Part of climate deal approved at Cancun conference
The U.N. climate conference has approved part of the draft deal early Saturday
morning despite Bolivia's objection.
1st LD: Part of climate deal approved at Cancun conference
The U.N. climate conference has approved part of the draft deal early Saturday
morning despite Bolivia's objection.
2nd LD: Climate deal approved at Cancun
The UN climate change conference adopted the document for a climate deal early
Saturday despite objection from Bolivia.
3rd LD: Final accord reached at Cancun despite Bolivia's
objection
The UN climate change conference finally approved the documents of a climate
deal early Saturday after an all-night session, overruling objection from
Bolivia.
4th LD Writethru: Final accord reached at Cancun despite
Bolivia's objection
The UN climate change conference finally reached a deal to fight global warming
early Saturday after an all-night session, overruling objection from Bolivia.
Mexican president hails climate deal at Cancun conference
Mexican President Felipe Calderon on Saturday praised the attendees of the UN
climate change conference for finally reaching a deal to fight global warming.
DPRK leader Kim Jong Il inspects factories, restaurant
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK),
recently inspected two factories and a restaurant here, official news agency
KCNA reported Saturday.
Cancun climate talks send "positive" signals: Chinese delegation
The outcome of the U.N. climate change conference in Cancun sent "positive"
signals to the international community, the Chinese delegation said Saturday.
Urgent: Fire reported in Moscow's TV station
MOSCOW, Dec. 11 (Xinhua)-- A fire broke out Saturday in one of the studios of
television station Ostankino in Moscow, the city's emergency service told media.
Roundup: Final accord reached at Cancun despite Bolivia's
objection
The U.N. climate change conference finally came up with a way forward in the
fight against global warming early Saturday after an all-night session,
overruling objections from Bolivia.
Interview: Cancun conference a success: head of Chinese
delegation
by Xinhua writers Liu lili, Wang yujue
DPRK says its army and people ready for all-out war
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) said its army and people were
ready for escalated conflicts and all-out war that would not be confined to the
peninsula, the official news agency KCNA reported Saturday.
1st LD: Fire reported at Moscow TV station
MOSCOW, Dec. 11 (Xinhua)-- A fire broke out Saturday in one of the studios of
television station Ostankino here, the city's emergency service told media.
Bulgaria, Greece, Serbia to back European integration of Western
Balkans
Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia agreed here Saturday to back the European
integration of the Western Balkans and to boost regional cooperation.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 11
Fifteen civilians were killed as a roadside bomb struck a mini-bus they were
riding in Helmand province in southern Afghanistan, spokesman for provincial
administration Daud Ahmadi said Saturday.
Commentary: Countering climate change calls for concerted
cooperation
The latest U.N. climate change conference ended here Saturday after over 190
parties endorsed a package crafted to shore up their collective campaign against
global warming.
Football fans, police clash in central Moscow
More than 2000 football fans protesting the death of a fan clashed with police
near Red Square in central Moscow Saturday.
(China Sports) Chinese delegation ready to shine in the inaugural
Asian Para Games
The Chinese delegation have set no expectation for the first-ever Asian Para
Games to open here in Guangzhou on Sunday night, but they are determined to show
the spirit power and fortitudinous image of Chinese disabled athletes.
Taufik beats Chinese rising star to meet Lee Chong Wei in Hong
Kong Open final
Indonesian veteran Taufik Hidayat edged out China's rising star Chen Long in the
Hong Kong Badminton Open semifinals here on Saturday, setting up a clash with
World No. 1 Lee Chong Wei for the men's title of the year's last stage of Super
Series.
Napoli beat Genoa 1-0, Udinese and Palermo won
Napoli climbed up to joint second position in Serie A on Saturday after they won
1-0 at Genoa.
Genoa played better but lost, said Ballardini
Genoa coach Davide Ballardini insisted that his side did not deserve to lose
after they succumbed to visitors Napoli 1-0 at home on Saturday.
Napoli beat Genoa 1-0
Napoli climbed up to joint second position in Serie A on Saturday after they won
1-0 at Genoa.
Udinese coach says better side wins
Udinese coach Francesco Guidolin said his side performed better after they beat
them Fiorentina 2-1 on Saturday.
Newcastle thrash Liverpool 3-1
Newly-appointed manager Alan Pardew led Newcastle United to beat Liverpool 3-1
on Saturday at St James' Park to make a great start for his five-and-a-half year
term in the club.
Love is the keyword for Asian Para Games opening ceremony
Although high-tech use and brilliant performance are often considered as the
shining points, the opening ceremony of the Guangzhou 2010 Asian Para Games will
highlight love.
Udinese deserved win, says Mihajlovic
Fiorentina coach Sinisa Mihajlovic conceded that Udinese deserved the win after
seeing his side losing to them 2-1 on Saturday.
Pakistani cricket team's preparations for New Zealand tour in
full swing
Pakistani cricket team training camp is in full swing these days in Lahore city
to prepare the players and to enhance their performance and fitness level for
the upcoming New Zealand tour.
Udinese beat Fiorentina 2-1
Udinese came back from a goal down to beat Fiorentina 2-1 on Saturday and
extended their unbeaten home run in Serie A to six games.
Parma punished for losing chances, says Lucarelli
Parma's Alessandro Lucarelli said they are psychologically punished after they
squandered chances and allowed Palermo come from one goal down to beat them 3-1
on Saturday.
Results of 2010-2011 NHL on Dec. 10
Following are the results of 2010-2011 National Hockey League (NHL) games on
Friday (home team in CAPS):
Palermo beat Parma 3-1
Palermo bounced back in style from their defeat against Napoli with a convincing
3-1 win over Parma at home on Saturday.
Euro handball preliminary round over
The 2010 Women's European Handball Championship, hosted jointly by Denmark and
Norway, finished its preliminary round Saturday and main round will start from
Sunday, with four teams knocked out and 12 advancing.
Dortmund runs off at German Bundesliga
Dortmund extended their winning streak to seven match to run off at the
Bundesliga standings as they defeated struggling Bremen on Saturday.
(China Sports) Blazevic takes the helm of Chinese Olympic team
Veteran Croatian coach Miroslav Ciro Blazevic was named the new head coach of
the Chinese Olympic soccer team here on Saturday.
Schweinsteiger extends with Bayern
German international and Bayern Munich midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger
extended his expiring contract until June 2016, Bayern and Schweinsteiger
declared Saturday.
(China Sports) APC president compliments "benchmark-setting"
Guangzhou Asian Para  Games
With still one day to go before the opening of the first-ever Asian Para Games
in Guangzhou, the Asian Paralympic Committee (APC) already can not wait to
express its compliment and set the preparation work of the organizers as a
"benchmark".
Ten man Getafe beat third placed Villarreal
Getafe produced a heroic second half performance to beat high flying Villarreal
1-0 in the Alfonso Perez Coliseum Saturday.
Kenya's Tergat says not retiring yet
JOHN KWOBA
Kuhn, Dunne win Botswana leg of ITF Junior Circuit
South African Warren Kuhn won the boy's singles at the International Tennis
Federation (ITF) Southern African leg of the junior circuit on Saturday, while
British Katy Dunne took the girl's title.
Hercules coach Vigo tries to remain calm amidst econmoic crisis
Esteban Vigo, the coach of Alicante based side Hercules this Saturday urged his
players to retain their focus in the wake of the economic crisis that threatens
to engulf the club.
Guardiola praises Barca's rivals ahead of Sunday's match
FC Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola was generous with his praise for next rivals
Real Sociedad ahead of their clash in the Camp Nou Stadium this Sunday.
Sporting coach Preciado unworried by job threat
Sporting Gijon coach Manuel Preciado tried to take the pressure of himself and
his players ahead of the match that could decide his future at the club.
Mourinho: Benzema not certain to start in Zaragoza
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho confirmed this Saturday that Wednesday's hat-
trick hero, Karim Benzema is by no means certain to start on side's trip to play
bottom of the table Zaragoza on Sunday evening.
Casillas to join the 400 club as Real Madrid travel to bottom of
the table Zaragoza
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas will hope to celebrate his 400th Primera
Liga appearance for the club with all three points when his side visits
struggling Zaragoza this Sunday.
U.S. golfer Bobby Gates leads Australian PGA into final round
U.S. golfer Bobby Gates shot a one- under 71 in windy conditions on Saturday to
maintain a one-stroke lead into final round of Australian PGA Championship at
Hyatt Regency Coolum resort of Sunshine Coast, Australia.
Barcelona aims to stay top of the table against Primera Liga
surprise package
Football club Barcelona aims to maintain their two point advantage over Real
Madrid when Real Sociedad visit the Camp Nou stadium this Sunday night.
Botafogo looks to sell Jobson
Botafogo's vice president Andre Silva announced on Saturday that the team was
actively looking to get rid of striker Jobson.
Brazilians rejoice with first-ever women's futsal title
Brazilians across the country celebrated on Saturday their first-ever title of
women's futsal.
Cruzeiro scopes Rafeal Moura for 2011
The agent of Goias' star striker Rafael Moura, Carlinhos Sabia announced on
Saturday that his client in on his way to a transfer to Cruzeiro.
Chinese young skaters make breakthrough with 3 bronze at junior
GP Final
Hosts China's teenage skaters gave the home crowd a joyful surprise as they
claimed three medals in as many events they've attended at 2010 ISU junior Grand
Prix of figure skating Final here concluded on Saturday afternoon.
Italian Serie A results
Following are the results from the Italian Serie A on Saturday (home teams
listed first):
Kenyan VP calls for increased sports facilities
John Kwoba
Paratriathlon added to Rio 2016 Paralympic Games
The International Triathlon Union (ITU) is delighted that Paratriathlon has been
accepted into the Paralympic Games and will debut at the Rio 2016 Paralympic
Games.
Dutch first division soccer league results
Following are the results from the Eighteenth round of the Eredivisie on
Saturday (home teams listed first):
Spanish first division soccer league results
Following are the results from Spanish first division soccer league on Saturday:
Shengyang Army hands Bayi first loss
Bayi suffered their first loss as they were beaten by Shengyang Army 80-66 in
the Chinese Women's Basketball League's (WCBA) third round match on Saturday.
Club World Cup will extend his stay in Inter, says Benitez
Inter coach Rafael Benitez has rubbished reports he must win the Club World Cup
to avoid sacking, but believed victory in the competition will prolong his stay
with the Nerzzurri.
German pair crowned yearending event, double wins for U.S. at
figure skating GP final
Twice world title holders Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy came out the clear
winners of pairs at the yearending ISU Grand Prix of figure skating Final here
on Saturday, beating Olympic silver medalists Pang Qing and Tong Jian by
20-point plus in front of an enthusiastic home crowd.
Guga defeats Agassi in re-match
In a rematch of their 2000 Masters Cup final duel in the Portuguese city of
Lisben, Gustavo "Guga" Kuerten beat Andre Agassi in two straight sets on
Saturday at the Maracanazinho gymnasium in Rio de Janeiro.
Corinthians extends contract with keeper Julio Cesar
The Corinthians soccer team announced on Saturday that they extended contract
with goalie Julio Cesar for an additional three years.
Vila Velha wins Brazilian league of American football
In the finals of the 2010 Touchdown Tournament, Brazil's version of the National
Football League, the Vila Velha Tritons beat the Vasco da Gama Patriots 7-0 on
Saturday.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 11
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 11:
China cultural news in brief: Christmas village; Heritage
protection; Acupuncture  standardization
The following are some of China's cultural news items in brief.
China archeological news in brief: Ancient bone soup; Tomb of
official; Yuan Dynasty  museum
The following are some of China's archeological news items in brief.
China Focus: "People first" governing concept benefits ordinary
Chinese
Thirty-three-year-old Wang Binglang, a laid-off worker in northwest China's
Shaanxi Province, felt much relieved  following positive changes in his life
during the past two years.
China Focus: Foreign banks boost expansion in China in post-
crisis era
Foreign banks have strengthened their expansion efforts in China, which remains
one of the fastest growing economies in the world, as the global economic
meltdown is ebbing.
Xinhua Insight: China's high-tech exports suffer rising trade
friction
An exceptional growth rate, a large trade surplus and low-cost goods have made
China the major target of rising trade protectionism in recent years. Nowadays,
a new trend has emerged: in addition to low-end products, China's high- tech
exports are encountering increasing trade friction.
China Exclusive: Works of "Keynes of China" Li Yining published
in English
Few economists have steered China's development path like Li Yining since his
idea of joint-stock reforms guided  China to transform itself from a planned to
a market economy, a transition captured in his theses published recently in
English.
China Focus: Experts weigh China's development opportunities
Towards the end of the first decade of the 21st century, Chinese experts are
weighing the previous years' achievements and development opportunities in the
country.
3 arrested over deadly overpass work accident in east China
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of being responsible for a deadly
work accident on an overpass in east China's Jiangsu Province last month, the
local procuratorate said Saturday.
3rd Ld: China November CPI hits 28-month high of 5.1 pct on year
China's consumer price index (CPI), a major gauge of inflation, rose to a
28-month high of 5.1 percent in November, the National Bureau of Statistics
(NBS) said Saturday.
China's top economic planner says December CPI likely below 5 pct
China's consumer price index (CPI) will probably fall below 5 percent as
government measures to control prices take effect, the country's top economic
planning body said Saturday.
Russian oil paintings displayed in Beijing
A Russian oil painting exhibition was unveiled Saturday at the Cultural Palace
of Nationalities in Beijing.
Official jumps to death amid embezzlement suspicions
An official in east China's Zhejiang Province jumped to his death Thursday after
he was accused of embezzling government funds, local authorities said Saturday.
Fire hits Beijing cinema, no casualities reported
A cinema in central Beijing caught fire Saturday afternoon, with no casualties
reported.
China's crackdown on prostitution effective: ministry
China's Ministry of Public Security (MPS) has announced that the special
campaign to crackdown on prostitution has been effective, with cases of
prostitution and obscene performances in entertainment venues in October
dropping 18.4 percent on a month-on month basis.
Two students killed, one injured in affray
Two teenagers of a middle school in southwest China's Yunnan Province were
killed and another was injured after they fought with each other Saturday, local
authorities said.
78,000 tonnes of garbage collected from Three Gorges Dam after
water level raised
Environmental sanitation workers from southwest China's Chongqing Municipality
have collected 78,000 tonnes of garbage from the Yangtze River near the Three
Gorges Dam, ensuring the dam's safe and effective operation after its water
level was raised.
Roundup: China Focus: China's stabilized economic momentum lays
foundation for tightening
Chinese inflation hit a 28-month high in November, underscoring the challenge
the government faces: how to rein in soaring inflation without slowing growth
too much?
Non-communist party members urged to contribute to health care
reform
The chairman of the Chinese Peasants and Workers Democratic Party (CPWDP) called
on its members to make new contributions in China's health care reform and in
raising the standard of living among the public.
Decision of Norwegian Nobel Committee does not represent wish of
majority of people
China's human rights experts said here on Saturday that the decision of the
Norwegian Nobel Committee could not represent the wish of the majority of the
people in the world and Liu Xiaobo does not represent the Chinese people.
Investigators say to further probe blast as more errors found in
previous coal mine  report
A deepening investigation into Tuesday's deadly coal mine blast in central China
revealed that 82 miners, instead of 46 as previously reported, were working
underground when the gas explosion occurred, officials said Saturday.
Suicide bomber kills three Shiite pilgrims in Iraq's Diyala
A suicide bomber on Sunday struck a crowd of Shiite pilgrims in Baquba, the
capital of Iraq's eastern province of Diyala, killing three people and wounding
four others, a provincial police source said.
FLASH: EIGHT PEOPLE KILLED IN SUICIDE CAR BOMBING IN IRAQ'S
RAMADI
FLASH: EIGHT PEOPLE KILLED IN SUICIDE CAR BOMBING IN IRAQ'S RAMADI.
Urgent: Eight people killed in suicide car bombing in Iraq's
Ramadi
Eight people, including policemen, were killed and some others injured in a
suicide car bomb attack outside Anbar provincial government office on Sunday, a
provincial police source said.
Iran says able to detect all flying objects in the region with
new radar system
An Iranian military commander said Iran will be able to detect all the flying
objects in the region when a new generation of radar system is produced, local
satellite Press TV reported on Sunday.
Urgent: Up to 17 killed, 23 wounded in Anbar bombings
At least 17 people were killed and 23 others wounded in a suicide car bombing
and a car bomb explosions outside Anbar  provincial government office on Sunday,
a provincial police source said.
1st LD: Up to 17 killed, 23 wounded in Anbar bombings
At least 17 people were killed and 23 others wounded in a suicide car bomb
attack and a car bomb explosion outside Anbar provincial government offices on
Sunday, a local police source said.
Crew rescued from sinking freighter off Israeli coast
The 11-member crew of a Moldovan freighter are safe after their craft apparently
capsized and sunk on Sunday off the Israeli coast, about 16 km from its
destination, Ashdod port.
1st LD: 3 Shiite pilgrims killed, 31 wounded in Iraq's Diyala
bombings
Three Shiite pilgrims were killed and up to 31 others, including a police chief,
were wounded in coordinated bomb attacks targeting Shiite pilgrims in Iraq's
eastern province of Diyala on Sunday, a provincial police source said.
Turkish helicopters evacuate 633 flood victims in Albania
Turkish military helicopters have evacuated 633 flood victims in Albania in the
past seven days, Turkey's General Staff said on its website Sunday.
Feature: Gaza furniture producers yearn to export
by Fares Akram
PLO criticizes Syrian president's statements over settlements
A Palestinian official rebuffed on Sunday Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's
statements that the Palestinian-Israeli negotiations should not only focus on
the Jewish settlements.
Rare snowfall hampers traffic in Damascus
Heavy snowfall, which is rare in Syria, has caused travel difficulties in
Damascus and neighboring areas, local media reported on Sunday.
Iranian lawmaker criticizes British envoy's remarks over human
rights situation in Iran
An Iranian senior lawmaker criticized on Sunday the British ambassador's remarks
over human rights situation in Iran.
Iran's Ahmadinejad to attend ECO summit in Turkey
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad would visit Turkey in the coming days for
the Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO) summit, the semi-official ISNA news
agency reported on Sunday.
Palestinian negotiator says U.S. Mideast envoy unlikely to make
progress in coming visit
A Palestinian negotiator said Sunday the upcoming visit of U.S. Middle East
peace envoy George Mitchell is unlikely to make any progress.
Sudanese appeal against referendum registration procedures
Sudanese lawyers on Sunday filed a constitutional appeal to the Sudanese
constitutional court, protesting what they described as "legal violations" in
the voter registration process of south Sudan referendum slated for Jan. 9,
2011.
Israeli army steps up operations along Gaza border as violence
escalates
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) is deploying more troops along the Gaza border
in response to recent cross-border clashes, and a spike in missile and mortar
attacks against Israeli civilians over the last week.
Egypt's Mubarak says parliamentary polls lawful
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said on Sunday the parliamentary elections were
largely lawful despite some irregularities.
Jordan's stock market index closes unchanged
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,359 points on
Sunday, maintaining the same level of last Thursday's finish.
Iranian students stage protest against Britain over assassinated
nuclear scientist
A group of Iranian university students gathered on Sunday in front of the
British Embassy in Tehran to protest against what they called Britain's
involvement in assassination of Iranian nuclear scientist.
Egypt's stock exchange indices close slightly higher
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,916.00 points on Sunday, higher
by 0.62 percent from previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index,
increased by 0.64 percent to end at 756.34 points.
Abbas asks U.S. to press Israel to cancel Jerusalem evictions
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Sunday asked the United States to press
Israel to cancel the eviction of a Hamas lawmaker from Jerusalem.
Unmanned radio-controlled submarine built by Iranian citizen:
report
An Iranian scientist built an unmanned radio-controlled submarine with the
ability of information exchange five meters under water, the local ISNA news
agency reported on Sunday.
Report criticizes Israeli police crackdowns on protesters
Israel's Association for Civil Rights said in a report released Sunday that
demonstrating in Israel is getting more dangerous, complex and expensive for
both leftists and rightists, religious and secular, Jews and Muslims.
Dubai film festival kicks off with strong input from China
The seventh edition of the Dubai International Film Festival (DIFF) has started
in the modern city of the gulf oil-rich United Arab Emirates, which will unveil
157 films from 57 nations, including a large portion for Chinese movies.
Roundup: Stormy weather wallops Israel
Wintry weather has arrived very late in Israel, but is making up for the delay
in a big way over the weekend.
Australian FM says Mideast peace facing difficult stage
Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd said Sunday that the Middle East peace
process is facing a " difficult and challenging" stage.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes lower
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,064.69 points on
Sunday, down 1.29 points from Thursday's close.
Roundup: Iran condemns Britain's "interfering" attempts over
human rights issues
Iranian officials on Sunday condemned what they called Britain's interference in
the country's domestic affairs, especially human rights situation in Iran.
(Special for CAFS) Sandstorm, rain kill two in Egypt
At least two persons were killed and ten others were injured after a six-story
building of a textile factory collapsed early Sunday in western Egypt amid heavy
rain, official MENA news agency reported.
Gulf Arab markets lack of impulses and volumes
Investors in the Gulf Arab region seem to lose more and more interest in trading
as the year approaches its end.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 12
At least 17 people were killed and 23 others wounded in a suicide car bomb
attack and a car bomb explosion outside Anbar provincial government offices on
Sunday, a local police source said. (Iraq-Violence-Death)
Strong tremor hit central Indonesia
A strong earthquake measuring 5.9 on Richter scale rocked central Indonesia's
off South Sulawesi province at 23:59 local time on Sunday (1659 GMT), the
country's Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency said in a statement.
Dollar in upper 83 yen range in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the upper 83 yen zone early Monday in Tokyo.
Cambodian PM leaves for China for official visit
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen on Monday left here for Beijing, China to pay
an  official visit from Dec. 13 - 17 at the invitation of his Chinese
counterpart, Wen Jiabao.
More natural disaster zones declared in Australia's New South
Wales
Australia's New South Wales (NSW) Premier Kristina Keneally on Monday declared
four more areas in the state as natural disaster zones, bringing the total
number of areas to 37 since the floods began on November 29.
Seven killed in multiple-car accident in S. Korea
SEOUL, Dec. 13 (Xinhua) - Seven people were killed and two others injured in a
six-car pile-up on a provincial expressway early Monday morning, according to
police.
Singapore launches pilot study on needs of elderly
Singapore is launching a pilot study in one of its constituencies to discover
the needs of the elderly and how the government can create a support system for
this growing group.
High-specs industrial, office rental gap grows in Singapore
The rental gap between office and high-specs industrial space has widened, with
the commercial property sector picking up at a faster pace last year, the
Business Times reported on Monday.
Strong earthquake hits PNG
A strong earthquake hit Papua New Guinea Monday morning, according to the United
States Geological Survey (USGS), but there were no immediate reports of damage
or casualties.
Urgent: 4 Killed after S. Korean fishing vessel sinks in
Antarctic Ocean
South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade confirmed Monday that four
were killed and 18 went missing after a South Korean fishing vessel with 42
sailors aboard sank in the Antarctic Ocean.
1st LD: 4 Killed after S. Korean fishing vessel sinks in
Antarctic Ocean
South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade confirmed Monday that four
were killed and 18 went missing after a South Korean fishing vessel with 42
sailors aboard sank in the Antarctic Ocean.
Cancun deal to leads major emitters to cut pollution: Australian
climate minister
An agreement reached at Cancun, Mexico on the need to cut carbon emissions will
lead major emitters to cut their pollution, Australian Climate Change Minister
Greg Combet said on Sunday.
China's Southern Airline to start flights to New Zealand
China Southern Airlines will begin flying to Guangzhou from Auckland three times
a week from next April.
Nepali president inaugurates int'l conference on biodiversity
Nepali President Ram Baran Yadav inaugurated the international conference on
"Biological Diversity, Livelihood and Climate Change" in the capital Kathmandu
Sunday.
12 Taliban militants lay down arms in northern Afghan province
A dozen of Taliban militants laid down arms and surrendered to government in
northern Kunduz province on Sunday, a local official said.
Nepali gov't allows women to work in Gulf countries
Nepali government has recently approved Terms of Reference (TOR) prepared by the
Ministry of Labor and Transport Management (MoLTM) paving way for Nepali women
to work as domestic helpers in Gulf countries.
S.Korea to conduct new round of marine gunnery exercises this
week
South Korean military will conduct a new round of marine gunnery exercises in 27
sites around the country from Monday to Friday, Seoul's Joint Chiefs of Staff
confirmed on Sunday.
Singapore discourages banks from offering "hold-mail" service
A key private banking service called hold mail could be under threat, with
Singapore's regulator discouraging its use.
Fijians achieve million tree target four months ahead
Fijians have achieved their year target of planting one million trees four
months ahead, according to an official from the Ministry of Fisheries and
Forests Sunday.
Troops kill 14 Taliban insurgents in E. Afghanistan
Over a dozen Taliban militants were killed as security forces raided their
hideouts in eastern Kunar province, provincial police chief Khalilullah Ziae
said Sunday.
5 killed, 17 missing after S. Korean boat sinking in Southern
Ocean
At least five crew on board a South Korean fishing vessel were dead and 17
missing after it sunk in the Southern Ocean early Monday.
78 terrorist activities claim 67 lives over the past week: Afghan
official
Seventy eight Taliban-led terrorist activities in the war-battered Afghanistan
have claimed the lives of 67 people including 18 policemen and 12 Afghan
civilians, spokesman of Interior Ministry Zamarai Bashari said Sunday.
IAEA willing to assist Philippines in nuclear power generation:
gov't
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has expressed willingness to
assist the Philippines in the event that the country decides to use nuclear
power, said Philippines' Department of Foreign Affairs.
Hun Sen expects stronger Sino-Cambodian friendship ties
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said Sunday that his official visit to China on
Dec. 13-17 will further strengthen the friendship relations between the two
countries with more than a dozen agreements to be signed.
Dollar trades around 84 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded around the 84 yen line Monday morning in Tokyo.
Urgent: One worker killed in garment workers-police clash in
Bangladesh
One garment worker was killed and 50 others including 12 cops wounded in a
workers-police clash in the Export Processing Zone (EPZ) in Bangladesh's
southeastern port city of Chittagong on Sunday, police said.
Myanmar airline replaces old aircrafts for safe flight
Myanmar's state-owned domestic airline -- Myanmar Airways (MA) has replaced
Fokker-27, one of its old-aged aircratfs, with airbus MA-60 starting this month
as part of its program of upgrading its flight services, local media reported
Monday.
1st LD Writethru: One killed, dozens injured in workers-police
clash in Bangladesh
At least one garment worker was killed and 50 others including 12 cops injured
in a workers-police clash on Sunday in the Chittagong Export Processing Zone
(CEPZ) in Bangladesh's port city of Chittagong.
Indian PM returns home after visit to Belgium, Germany
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Sunday returned home after a three-day
working visit to Belgium and Germany, said official sources.
Indonesia may import more fuel following subsidy ban
JAKARTA, Dec. 13 (Xinhua) - Indonesia's state oil and gas firm PT Pertamina said
that the government's plan to cut oil subsidies next year would force the firm
to import massive quantities of high-octane fuel in the year to meet rising
demand, local media reported Monday.
Philippine gov't open to proposed general amnesty to all
political prisoners: official
The Philippine government said Sunday that it is open to the proposed grant of
general amnesty to all political prisoners but would require careful review and
a " comprehensive study" prior to any decision.
UN urged to coordinate with MILF rebels in restoring ecosystem in
S. Philippines
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF) rebel group on Sunday urged the United
Nations World Food Program (UNWFP) to coordinate with the group in restoring the
ecosystem in southern Philippines.
Indonesia's airport ranks 22nd among 100 busiest airport
JAKARTA, Dec. 13 (Xinhua) - Indonesia's international airport in Jakarta,
Soekarno-Hatta airport, was ranked 22nd among 100 major international airports
in terms of combined passenger arrivals and departures, a media reported here
Monday.
Chinese monks pray for dead in Cambodia's stampede tragedy
About 160 Chinese Buddhist monks from six countries and region gathered on
Sunday at the Diamond Bridge, where a stampede occurred on Nov. 22 that killed
353 people and injured 393 others, to hold a Chinese traditional rite to pray
for the dead to rest in peace and bring in happiness to the development of the
Diamond Island.
Roundup: Bangladesh labor unrest deepens as garment workers
demand proper payment
Labor unrest in Bangladesh's export engine ready-made garment sector has further
spread to the country 's different apparel hubs since Saturday, demanding proper
implementation of a new wage structure announced by the government a couple of
month ago.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,600.28 points Monday, 91.39 points
higher from previous close on rally of world stock markets.
Malaysian father cuts son's scrotum, another son dumped
A man, suspected of having mental problem, cut his eldest son's scrotum while
abandoning his second son at a surau, or Muslim prayers' room.
5 dead after S. Korean ship sinks in Southern Ocean
Five people were dead and 17 missing after a South Korean fishing vessel sank in
the Southern Ocean early Monday, Maritime New Zealand confirmed on Monday.
Philippine police chief admits lack of firearms
Philippine National Police (PNP) Director General Raul Bacalzo has admitted that
the 132,000-strong police force is still lacking with firearms needed in the
conduct of law enforcement operations throughout the country.
Urgent: 6 NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Six soldiers with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF)
were killed in Afghanistan on Sunday, the allaince said.
(Recast) Urgent: 6 NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Six soldiers with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF)
were killed in Afghanistan on Sunday, the allaince said.
1st LD Writethru: 6 NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Six soldiers of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) were
killed in Taliban attack on Sunday, a statement of the alliance released here
said.
Roundup: Main gauge of Bangladesh's premier bourse suffers
biggest jolt
The main barometer of Bangladesh's premier bourse -- Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE)
-- registered steepest single-day fall on Sunday in history after a record rise
in the last week.
Roundup: 60, including 6 NATO soldiers, killed in Afghanistan
since Friday
By Yan Liang,  Abdul Haleem
19 abducted Filipino sailors released by Somali pirates
Nineteen Filipino sailors onboard a Greek vessel were released by ransom-seeking
Somali pirates on Saturday after seven months in captivity, the Department of
Foreign Affairs said on Sunday.
Suicide bombing wounds 8 Afghan soldiers in S. Afghanistan
A suicide bomber blew himself up in Taliban birthplace of the southern Afghan
province of Kandahar, wounding eight soldiers on Sunday, said a press release of
the Afghan Defense Ministry.
Thai coalition partner Bhumjaithai party wins by-elections in NE
provinces
Thai ex-Deputy Interior Minister Boonjong Vongtrirat of ruling coalition partner
Bhumjaithai Party won his re-election in the northeast in a series of by-
elections on Sunday.
Yearender: War in Afghanistan longer than expected
By Yan Liang, Abdul Haleem
Roundup: Book on Buddhism and cultural linkage with China
released in Nepal
By Punjita Pradhan
Philippines seeks IAEA aid in possible rehabilitation of nuclear
power plant
The Philippines has sought the assistance of the International Atomic Energy
Agency (IAEA) in its ongoing review and assessment of the possible
rehabilitation of the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant, which has been dormant for
more than two decades.
Sri Lankan main opposition adopts reform
Sri Lanka's main opposition United National Party (UNP) Sunday adopted its much-
awaited reform, which the party said was geared to ousting the government at the
earliest.
2nd LD Writethru: 3 killed, over 100 injured in workers-police
clash in Bangladesh
At least three garment workers were killed and over 100 people, including 56
policemen, injured in a workers-police clash on Sunday in the Chittagong Export
Processing Zone (CEPZ) in Bangladesh's port city of Chittagong, police said.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 12
Singapore retailers are ringing in a happier Christmas this season. The number
of people seeking help from the Chinese Development Assistance Council (CDAC)
has gone down. Both of them are signs of a stronger economy in Singapore.
4 killed, 25 injured in road accident in Bangladesh
At least four persons were killed and 25 injured when a bus collided with a
truck in Bangladesh's Faridpur district, 101 km southwest of the capital Dhaka,
at 8 p.m. local time on Sunday.
Sailors on the hijacked Bangladeshi ship all safe
The owner of the hijacked Bangladeshi- flagged ship MV Jahan Moni said on Sunday
the pirates have contacted them from Somalia and that all 25 Bangladeshi sailors
on board are safe.
News Analysis: TAPI gas pipeline agreement hailed, but
uncertainties still remain
By Jamil Bhatti
Interview: Oil production in Ghana not to exceed 120,000 barrels
a day in 3 years: minister
By Bai Jingshan and Ekow Moses
Somali pirates hijack Liberian ship in Indian Ocean
NAIROBI, Dec. 12 (Xinhua) --Somali pirates have hijacked a Liberian-owned bulk
cargo ship in the Indian Ocean, about 1,050 nautical miles east of the Somali
coastal village of Eyl, EU anti- piracy force said on Sunday.
Commercial oil production to begin on Dec. 15 in Ghana: minister
Commercial oil production was set to begin next Wednesday in the Jubilee Oil
Field off the southwest coast of Ghana, the Minister for Energy Joseph Obteng
Adjei announced here on Sunday.
Poll: Seven in ten Greeks pessimistic about future state of
national economy
Seven in ten Greek citizens today appear pessimistic about the future state of
the Greek national economy, according to an opinion poll released on Sunday.
CECAFA Challenge Cup results
Following are the CECAFA Senior Challenge Cup results in Tanzania Sunday:
English Premier League leading scorers
Following are the leading scorers Sunday in the English Premier League:
Winter storm hits Chicago, 1,000 flights canceled
A winter storm brought snow and bone-chilling wind to Chicago Sunday morning,
causing more than 1, 000 flights to be canceled, according to local media.
Spanish La Liga results
Following are the results from the 15th round of Spain's La Liga (home teams
listed first):
Roma win despite Totti's spot-kick miss
Defender Juan scored a first-half goal to help Roma beat Serie A strugglers Bari
1-0 at home on Sunday.
Tanzania wins CECAFA Challenge Cup championship
Tanzania's Kilimanjaro Stars on Sunday won the Council of East and Central
Africa Football Associations (CECAFA) Challenge Cup after defeating Cote
d'Ivoire 1-0.
We want to win everything: Ibrahimovic
AC Milan have every reason to win everything this season, said their ace striker
Zlatan Ibrahimovic following their 3-0 win at Bologna on Sunday.
Defeat to Ajax does AC Milan good, says Allegri
AC Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri said his teams loss to Ajax in the Champions
League has spurred them to perform well and beat Bologna 3-0 in the Serie A on
Sunday.
Lecce beat Chievo 3-2 at Serie A
Lecce scored their first win over nearly 40 days on Sunday when they beat Chievo
3-2 at home.
White House defends Obama, says enjoys party support
A senior White House aide on Sunday said U.S. President Barack Obama still
enjoyed wide support from Democrats despite the tax cut deal fallout, and sees
no one challenge the president in party primary before the presidential election
in 2012.
Nicole Richie, Joel Madden tied knot
Nicole Richie and her long- time boyfriend Joel Madden has tied the knot at
Richie's father Lionel Richie's Beverly Hills estate over the weekend, it was
reported on Sunday.
German Bundesliga leading scorers
Following are the leading scorers following Bundesliga weekend action:
U.S. researchers identify anti-cancer component in pomegranate
juice
U.S. researchers have identified components in pomegranate juice that could stop
cancer from spreading.
Human testes cells may be turned into insulin-producing islet
cells: study
Men with type 1 diabetes ( juvenile onset diabetes) may be able to grow their
own insulin- producing cells from their testicular tissue, a new study suggests.
Narnia" overrules box office despite weak start
The third installment on the "Nania" franchise has managed to prevail at the
weekend box office derby although it has mustered a weaker start compared with
another debut -- "The Tourist" starring Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie.
Kosovo completes first general elections after unilateral
declaration of independence
Kosovo completed Sunday general elections process, the first major test for the
territory that declared independence from Serbia in 2008.
News Analysis: Kosovo's new government to face big challenges
Former Prime minister Hashim Thaci's Democratic Party of Kosovo(PDK) is the
winner of Sunday' s general elections in Kosovo, first poll surveys estimate.
Ajax, Groningen close in on PSV and Twente
Defending champions FC Twente suffered a heavy defeat against Heerenveen in the
Dutch league on Sunday, losing  6-2.
Schalke, Freiburg win at German Bundesliga
Schalke striker Jefferson Farfan netted the only goal of the match to seal three
important points against Mainz at Sunday Bundesliga.
New York mayor Bloomberg rules out 2012 presidential bid
U.S. billionaire and third-term New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Sunday
denied he will run for president in 2012, capping recent speculations that he
might launch a bid as an independent.
Stuttgart sacks coach Jens Keller
Struggling German Bundesliga club Stuttgart presented new head coach Bruno
Labbadia as former head coach Jens Keller was released from his duties, the club
confirmed on Sunday.
Former Grand Slam winners Haarhuis, Eltingh return to ATP Tour
Former double tennis players Jacco Eltingh and Paul Haarhuis will make a unique
one-off comeback to the ATP World Tour at the 38th ABN AMRO World Tennis
Tournament in Rotterdam.
I can be the oldest winner of Australian PGA: Senior
Australian golfer Peter Senior, 51, on Sunday said he is confident to come out
on Monday's final round and become the oldest winner of the Australian PGA.
Profile: Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen will pay an official visit to China from Dec.
13 to 17 at the invitation of Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 13
Kosovo completed Sunday general elections process, the first major test for the
territory that declared independence from Serbia in 2008.
Cuban leader meets Nauru president
Cuban leader Raul Castro met with visiting Nauru President Marcus Stephen on
Saturday and they discussed cooperation.
Bolivian FM expects to restore relations with U.S.
The Bolivian government is waiting for the answer from the United States to
resume their diplomatic relations, Bolivian Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca
said on Sunday.
Urgent: 6.1-magnitude quake hits Bougainville region, Papua New
Guinea
An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale jolted Bougainville region,
Papua New Guinea, on Monday at 01:14:43 GMT, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
New York dance company impresses audience with spectacular
artistry
The world renowned dance company Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater impressed
audience on Sunday with its brilliant artistry and passionate spirit at New York
City Center.
"The Social Network" awarded top prize by L.A. Film Critics
In the wake since the drama "The Social Network" was awarded with four awards at
the National Board of Review earlier in the month, the Columbia Pictures'
release was once again named best picture of the year by the Los Angeles Film
Critics Association(LAFCA) on Sunday.
Urgent: 6.1-magnitude quake hits Bougainville region, Papua New
Guinea
An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale jolted Bougainville region,
Papua New Guinea, on Monday at 01:14:43 GMT, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
U.S. special AfPak envoy remains in critical condition
U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan (AfPak) Richard Holbrooke
remained "in critical condition" on Sunday after an additional medical
procedure, the State Department said.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0500 GMT, Dec. 12
A package of banking reforms was unveiled Sunday as Australian Treasurer Wayne
Swan aimed to help banks and non-bank institutions like credit unions and
building societies to raise funds more easily and cheaply.
Radio City Rockettes dance troupe brings Christmas to New York
Radio City Rockettes rocked New York on Sunday with the dance's troupe's dynamic
performance and gorgeous costumes in the 2010 Radio City Christmas Spectacular
at Radio City Music Hall.
UN chief hails climate change deal reached at Cancun conference
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Saturday hailed the outcome of the just-
concluded UN climate change conference as an "important success for a world much
in need of it."
American Film Institute announces 2010 honorees
Academy Award hopefuls "Black Swan"  and "The Social Network" as well as TV
series "Mad Men", were among the 20 honorees of the American Film Institute(AFI)
annual awards for 2010.
Roundup: Cote d'Ivoire's electoral crisis a tough nut to crack
There has been a political stand-off in Cote d'Ivoire since the Independent
Electoral Commission (CEI) gave Alassane Ouattara victory while the
Constitutional Council has named incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo the winner.
(Global review) Feature: Our world, our responsibility
A sense of responsibility is the key to solving the problems facing the world
today, such as the issue of climate change and the political crisis in Cote
d'Ivoire that hit headlines last week.
"Bomb factory" razed in California, ash removal begins Monday
A one-story house that used to be packed with large amount of home-made bombs
and explosives was completed destroyed by authorities, and cleanup of debris and
ash will start on Monday, officials from the San Diego County, California, said
on Saturday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 12
South Korean military will conduct a new round of marine gunnery exercises in 27
sites around the country from Monday to Friday, Seoul's Joint Chiefs of Staff
confirmed on Sunday.
Feature: Cheerleaders bring it on at Richmond's BC Cheer and
Dance Championship
by Christine McLaren
Feature: Christmas cheer helps Vancouver's less fortunate
by Al Campbell
Stockholm explosions "terror attacks": police
Swedish police said Sunday the two explosions that hit central Stockholm on
Saturday night were "terror attacks" committed by what appeared to be a suicide
bomber who killed himself and injured two people.
Kosovo holds parliamentary election
Kosovo on Sunday held an early parliamentary election, with voting stations for
the poll opened at 7 a.m.(0600 GMT) and expected to be closed at 7 p.m.(1800
GMT) local time.
1st LD: Kosovo holds parliamentary election
Kosovo on Sunday held an early parliamentary election, with most of polling
stations opened at 7 a.m.(0600 GMT) and expected to be closed at 7 p.m.(1800
GMT) local time.
Swedish PM criticizes bombings but warns against hasty
conclusions
Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt Sunday criticized the bomb explosions
in Stockholm as "unacceptable," but he also warned against hasty conclusions.
Roundup: Int'l communities laud UN climate conference in Cancun
United Nations climate change conference in Mexico has concluded after tense
talks for two weeks, with agreements adopted to tackle global climate changes
and push ahead the UN-sponsored process, which won the applause of the
international communities.
Azerbaijani GDP growth for first 11 months at 4.5 percent -
statistics
The economic growth in Azerbaijan in the first 11 months of this year was 4.5
percent and was expected to rise by4.7 percent to 4.8 percent by the end of the
year, officials said on Sunday.
Russia, Finland launch speed train
With a French-made Allegro train arriving at Russia's second largest city of St.
Petersburg from Finnish capital Helsinki, Russia launched a speed train with
Finland on Sunday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 12
Kosovo on Sunday held an early parliamentary election, with most of polling
stations opened at 7 a.m.(0600 GMT) and expected to be closed at 7 p.m.(1800
GMT) local time.
Ronaldinho will stay, says Allegri
Ronaldinho will stay at AC Milan until June this season, the Serie A leaders
coach Massimiliano Allegri said on Sunday.
AC Milan extend lead to six points after Lazio defeat
AC Milan moved six points clear at the Serie A summit after Lazio lost 2-1 at
Juventus on Sunday.
I can be the oldest winner of Australian PGA: Peter Senior
Australian golfer Peter Senior, 51, on Sunday said he is confident to come out
on Monday's final round and become the oldest winner of the Australian PGA.
Juventus deserve win over Lazio, says Del Neri
Juventus coach Gigi Del Neri said his side deserved their "emotional" victory
after they beat Lazio 2-1 on Sunday.
Ajax defeat does AC Milan good, says Allegri
AC Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri said his team's loss to Ajax in the
Champions League has spurred them to perform well and beat Bologna 3-0 in the
Serie A on Sunday.
Roma win despite Totti's spot-kick miss
Defender Juan scored a first-half goal to help Roma beat Serie A strugglers Bari
1-0 at home on Sunday.
We want to win everything, says Ibrahimovic
AC Milan have every reason to win everything this season, said their ace striker
Zlatan Ibrahimovic following their 3-0 win at Bologna on Sunday.
Lecce beat Chievo 3-2
Lecce scored their first win over nearly 40 days on Sunday when they beat Chievo
3-2 at home.
Kenyan volleyball team jets out for World Club Championship
By John Kwoba
Urgent:Japanese swimming Yamada wins first gold at Asian Para
Games
Japanese swimmer Takuro Yamada claimed the first gold medal at the inaugural
Asian Para Games, winning the men's S9 400m freestyle event here on Monday.
Canada beats Mexico 1-0 in four-team women's soccer tournament
Canadian women's soccer team remained undefeated in the Sao Paulo City
Tournament by beating Mexico 1-0 in their second match on Sunday.
Urgent: Teenager swimmer Cai won first Asian Para Games gold
medal for China
Fifteen-year-old swimmer Cai Yuqingyan of China broke the Asian record to win
the gold medal in the women's S9 400m freestyle competition at the inaugural
Asian Para Games here on Monday.
Brazil rallies to beat Netherlands in four-team women's soccer
tournament
Brazilian women's soccer team came from behind to beat the Netherlands 3-2 in
their second match at the Sao Paulo City Tournament on Sunday.
Japanese swimmer makes history to claim first-ever Asian Para
Games gold
Takuro Yamada of Japan made history here on Monday as he finished first in the
men's S9 400 freestyle final to claim the first-ever gold medal of the new- born
Asian Para Games.
Japanese swimmer makes history to claim first-ever Asian Para
Games gold (updated)
Takuro Yamada of Japan made history here on Monday as he finished first in the
men's S9 400 freestyle final to claim the first-ever gold medal of the new- born
Asian Para Games.
Bangladesh defeat Zimbabwe to clinch series 3-1
Bangladesh clinched the series against Zimbabwe after winning the fifth and
final one-day international at the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium in the
country's southeastern Chittagong port city on Sunday.
Japan, Germany win gold in speed skating World Cup
Japanese speed skater Joji Kato and Jenny Wolf of Germany won the men's and
women's 500 meters respectively at the World Cup Obihiro meet in Japan's
Hokkaido Sunday.
Interview: rick Chan eyes World Championships title after well-
earned Grand Prix  Final victory
By sportswriter Wang Jingyu
Interview: Patrick Chan eyes World Championships title after
well-earned Grand Prix  Final victory
By sportswriter Wang Jingyu
Japan wins four out of five champions in judo Grand Slam
Host Japan won in four out of five weight categories in the Grand Slam Tokyo
Sunday, surprisingly finishing empty-handed in the usually strong women's 63-kg
category.
Urgent: The inaugural Asian Para Games opens in Guangzhou
Li Keqiang, Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China, declared open the
first-ever Asian Para Games at the Aoti Main Statium in Guangzhou on Sunday.
(China Sports) Historical Asian Para Games debuts with emotional
opening ceremony
It is a new chapter for the Paralympics movement in Asia, as the inaugural Asian
Para Games opened its arms to around 2500 disabled athletes from all around the
continent here on Sunday.
Indian rising star topples China's Asiad champion to crown at
Hong Kong Badminton  Open
India's rising star Saina Nehwal surprised the crowd by toppling the China's
newly crowned Asiad champion Wang Shixian to clinch the women's singles title of
the Hong Kong Badminton Open here on Sunday while Malaysian world No. 1 Lee
Chong Wei retained the men's singles title.
(China Sports) Historical Asian Para Games debuts with emotional
opening ceremony  (updated)
It is a new chapter for the Paralympics movement in Asia, as the inaugural Asian
Para Games opened its arms to around 2500 disabled athletes from all around the
continent here on Sunday.
Bologna fall to in-form AC Milan 3-0
AC Milan stretched their lead to six points in Serie A after they beat host
Bologna 3-0 on Sunday.
Bayi spoil Marbury's debut in Foshan
The all-Chinese Bayi Fubang spoiled Sunday Stephon Marbury's debut with Foshan,
winning 92-83 in a first-round match of the 2010-2011 season of the Chinese
Basketball Association league (CBA).
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 12
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 12:
Chinese vice premier meets foreign guests attending Asian Para
Games
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang on Sunday met with foreign leaders and
international sports organization officials who were in Guangzhou to attend the
opening ceremony of the Asian Para Games.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 73 HK dollars to open at 12,815 HK dollars
per tael on Monday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Chinese shares open slightly higher Monday
Chinese shares opened slightly higher Monday, with the benchmark Shanghai
Composite Index up 0.33 percent, or 9.29 points, to 2,850.32 at the opening.
China's yuan weakens to 6.6630 per USD Monday
The value of yuan weakened slightly as the central parity rate of Renminbi,
China's currency, was set at 6.6630 per U.S. dollar Monday, compared with last
Friday's 6.6604, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange
Trading System.
Xinhua Insight: China's farmers overcome fear of hospitals
through health fund
By Xinhua writers Rong Yan, Zhu Guoliang
ChiNext Index opens higher Monday
ChiNext stocks rose 8.71 points, or 0.7 percent, to open at 1,175.51 points
Monday.
Fireworks blast kills eight in east China
A fireworks blast in Yangxin county, east China's Shandong Province,  had killed
eight people and injured six others as of Sunday morning, local authorities
said.
China stock index futures open higher Monday
China's stock index futures opened higher Monday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, opened 47.4 points higher at 3,220.0.
3 die in tourist bus accident in Taiwan
A tour bus crashed in central Taiwan's mountainous Alishan, Chiayi County,
Sunday, leaving three dead and more than 10 injured.
Hong Kong stocks open higher -- Dec. 13
Hong Kong stocks moved up 199.41 points, or 0.86 percent, to open at 23,362.32
on Monday.
China Focus: From dream to nightmare, China in  "car era"  calls
for civilized driving
About 20 years ago, owning a car was only a dream to many Chinese. Nowadays when
more people have their own cars, the "dream"  has become a  "nightmare" .
Prosecutors in E. China approve arrest of official for killing
mistress
HEFEI, Dec. 12 (Xinhua)-- Prosecutors in east China's Xuancheng City, Anhui
Province, approved the arrest of an official Saturday for the murder of his
mistress, local authorities said Sunday.
India, China developing relationship of substance: Indian
ambassador
The convergence of interests of India and China will transcend rhetoric and
manifest itself in substantial cooperation and interaction, Indian Ambassador to
China Dr. S. Jaishankar said in Beijing Monday.
Urgent: China vows to ensure stable, healthy economic development
next year
China pledged Sunday to enhance and improve macro-economic regulation to ensure
stable and healthy economic development next year, according to a statement
released after the annual Central Economic Work Conference.
Chinese shares close up at midday
China's stocks closed up in the morning trading session Monday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up 1.15 percent to 2,873.84.
1st LD: China vows to ensure stable, healthy economic development
next year
China pledged Sunday to enhance and improve macro-economic regulation to ensure
stable and healthy economic development next year, according to a statement
released after the annual Central Economic Work Conference.
1st Ld-Writethru: Chinese shares close up at midday despite rate
rise expectation
China's stocks closed up in the morning trading session Monday despite the
lingering possibility of an interest rate rise to curb inflation.
Chinese Premier Wen to visit India, Pakistan
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao will pay official visits to India and Pakistan from
Dec. 15 to 19 at the invitation of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and
Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani, Chinese Foreign Ministry
spokesperson Jiang Yu announced Sunday.
Buddhist assembly held to remember Nanjing Massacre victims
Buddhist monks from China and Japan held a religious assembly Monday in Nanjing,
capital of east China's Jiangsu Province, to remember the victims of the Nanjing
Massacre.
2nd LD: China vows to ensure stable, healthy economic development
next year
China pledged Sunday to enhance and improve macro-economic regulation to ensure
stable and healthy economic development next year, a statement released after
the annual Central Economic Work Conference said.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 12
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 12:
3rd LD: China vows to ensure stable, healthy economic development
next year
China will enhance and improve macro-economic regulation to ensure stable and
healthy economic development next year, a statement released Sunday after the
annual Central Economic Work Conference said.
China eyes win-win, equal partnership with U.S.
China seeks a win-win partnership featuring equality and mutual trust with the
United States, as the two countries' interests are deeply correlated in the era
of globalization, Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said.
China to make more effort to start six-party emergency
consultations
China said it will make greater efforts to start six-party emergency
consultations because tensions on the Korean Peninsula have not eased.
Big events highlight China's role on world stage: FM
The Beijing 2008 Olympic Games and the Shanghai 2010 Expo among other big events
have pushed China into a more prominent position, and China is ready to assume
due international obligations, Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said.
4th Ld: China vows to ensure stable, healthy economic development
next year
China will enhance and improve macro-economic regulation to ensure stable and
healthy economic development next year, said a statement released Sunday after
the annual Central Economic Work Conference.
FACTBOX: China's Central Economic Work Conference from 2005-2009
China wrapped up an annual economic work conference Sunday, vowing to enhance
and improve macro- economic regulation next year to ensure stable and healthy
economic development.
China pushes public hospital reform forward
As an integral part of China's ongoing health care reform, the country has
assigned 47 cities so far to spearhead the reform of government-run hospitals to
offer more equitable and efficient medical services.
China executes four drug dealers
China's highest court, the Supreme People's Court (SPC), announced Sunday that
four criminals convicted in four drug-related cases had been executed after it
approved the death sentences.
5th Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China vows to ensure stable,
healthy economic development  next year
China will enhance and improve macro-economic regulation to ensure stable and
healthy economic development next year, said a statement released Sunday after
the annual Central Economic Work Conference.
China extends "wailing wall" to engrave more names of Nanjing
Massacre victims
China on Sunday started to extend a memorial wall to engrave more names of those
massacred by Japanese aggressors more than 70 years ago in Nanjing.
CPC official briefs non-Communist elites after annual economic
meeting
BEIJING, Dec. 12 (Xinhua) - A senior Communist Party of China (CPC) official
briefed the non-Communist Party elites about a top-level CPC economic meeting
that ended on Sunday.
47 illegal Algerian immigrants go missing in Mediterranean Sea
At least 47 clandestine immigrants from Algeria who were bound for Italy went
missing in the Mediterranean Sea, local Echorouk newspaper reported Monday.
1st LD: Kuwait shuts down Al-Jazeera bureau
Kuwait has ordered the closure of Al-Jazeera news channel's bureau in the state
over its coverage of a recent police storming of an opposition rally, the
broadcaster's correspondent said Monday.
Qatar celebrates reaching 77-mta LNG production target
Qatar on Monday celebrated reaching a 77 million tons annually (mta) production
capacity of liquefied natural gas (LNG), a target set by the gas-rich to boost
its position as the world's largest LNG exporter.
Saudi hails Brazil, Argentina recognition of Palestinian state
Saudi Arabia hailed on Monday a move by Argentina and Brazil to recognize an
independent Palestinian state on 1967 borders, state-run SPA news agency
reported.
Iran says ready to talk with G5+1 before cameras: report
The aide to Iranian nuclear negotiator said the country is ready to hold next
round of talks with the five UN Security Council permanent members plus Germany
( G5+1) in front of the media cameras, the local ISNA news agency reported on
Monday.
Iran summons Canadian envoy over murder of Iranian teenager in
Canada
Iranian Foreign Ministry summoned Canadian Charge d'affaires to Tehran Dennis
Horak over the murder of an Iranian teenager in Ottawa, the local ISNA news
agency reported on Monday.
Iran to reconsider ties with Britain: MP
The Iranian Parliament will consider a plan to reduce ties with Britain in
reaction to the human rights remarks made by British Ambassador to Iran Simon
Gass, an official said.
News Analysis: Uncertain future for fresh U.S. peace-talk efforts
by Li Laifang, Meguid Kamal, Omnia Desoukie
Fatah, Hamas agree to meet in late December: official
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah party agreed with Islamic Hamas
movement to resume reconciliation dialogue by the end of December, a Fatah
official said Monday.
Roundup: Palestinians welcome EU readiness to recognize
Palestinian state
by Emad Drimly, Saud Abu Ramadan
Iraqi security forces captures 34 Qaida militants
Iraqi security forces arrested 34 suspected members of al-Qaida militant group
in Iraq, including the group's leaders in northern Iraq provinces, officials
said on Monday.
Iran dismisses Gates' remarks over Tehran's regional policies
Iranian Defense Minister Brigadier General Ahmad Vahidi dismissed the U.S.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates' remarks over Tehran's regional policies which he
claimed has worried the neighbors of Islamic Republic, the local English
language Press TV reported on Monday.
Iraqi PM meets U.S. joint chief chairman in Baghdad
Iraqi Prime Minister-designate Nuri al-Maliki on Monday met with Admiral Mike
Mullen, chairman of U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staffs, who paid a surprise visit to
Iraq, an official television reported.
Urgent: At least 3 killed in suicide bomb attack on Shiite
pilgrims in Iraq's Diyala
At least three people were killed and more than 13 wounded in a suicide bomb
attack on Shiite pilgrims in a town in Iraq's eastern province of Diyala on
Monday, a provincial police source said.
Urgent: 4 Shiite pilgrims killed, 20 wounded in suicide attack in
Iraq's Diyala
Up to four people were killed and 20 wounded in a suicide bomb attack on Shiite
pilgrims in a town in Iraq's eastern province of Diyala on Monday, a provincial
police source said.
Iran accuses Britain of human rights violation: official
Secretary of Iran's Human Rights Headquarters Mohammad-Javad Larijani accused
Britain of violating human rights, the official IRNA news agency reported on
Monday.
1st LD: 4 killed in suicide bomb attack on Shiite pilgrims in
Iraq' s Diyala
At least four people were killed and 20 wounded in a suicide bomb attack on
Shiite pilgrims in a town in Iraq's eastern province of Diyala on Monday, a
provincial police source said.
Washington hopes referendum reflects southern Sudanese will
U.S Special Envoy to Sudan Scott Gration on Monday said Washington is looking
forward to a referendum that would display the will of southern Sudanese and be
accepted by Sudan and international community.
Kuwait shuts down Al-Jazeera bureau
The Kuwaiti government has ordered the closure of the Al-Jazeera bureau for its
coverage of a recent police storm of an opposition rally, the news channels
correspondent said Monday.
Report says Israeli police mistreat detained Palestinian minors
A report released Monday by Israeli human rights group B'tselem accused the
Israeli police of breaking laws and harshly treating the Palestinian minors
detained in eastern parts of Jerusalem.
Turkish security forces seize large amount of drugs
The Turkish security forces and police seized large amount of drugs in several
operations in Turkey on Monday, semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
Three Kuwaiti lawmakers lodge grilling motion against PM
Three lawmakers in Kuwait's parliament on Monday lodged a request to grill the
Gulf emirate's prime minister over a recent police crackdown on opposition
rally.
Urgent: Iran's FM dismissed by Ahmadinejad: report
Iranian Foreign Minister was dismissed by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on
Monday, the semi- official Mehr news agency reported.
Egypt's stock exchange indices end with mixed changes
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,938.30 points on Monday, up 0.32
percent from previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index, ended 0.41
percent lower at 753.25 points.
1st LD: Iran's FM dismissed by Ahmadinejad: report
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki was dismissed by President Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad on Monday, the presidential web site reported.
Israeli fire wounds two Gazans
Israeli artillery fire wounded two Palestinians in the northwest Gaza Strip
Monday afternoon, a spokesman for medical services said.
Kidnapped soldiers released by separatists in south Yemen
Four soldiers kidnapped two days ago by armed separatists in Yemen's southern
province of Lahj were released unconditionally on Monday, provincial security
official said.
Netanyahu lauds U.S. movement on "core issues"
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday praised the decision by the
United States not to demand a freeze on settlement construction in the West
Bank.
2nd LD: Iran's foreign minister dismissed by Ahmadinejad: report
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki was dismissed by President Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad on Monday, the presidential web site reported.
Tel Aviv stock exchange closes higher
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,070.67 points on
Monday, up 5.98 points from Sunday's close. The turnover was about 1.7 billion
shekels (about 473 million U.S. dollars).
Roundup: Only the Saudi Arabian market gains
Despite statement made by British bank Standard Chartered that Dubai will meet
its debt obligations in 2011, when 18 billion U.S. dollars will be due, the
local and international stock exchanges in Dubai declined slightly.
Intelligence official survives assassination attempt in south
Yemen
A senior intelligence official survived Monday a roadside bombing believed to be
planted by al- Qaida militants in Yemen's southern province of Abyan, a
stronghold of the terrorist group, state media reported.
Roundup: Mitchell arrives in the region to promote Mideast talks
by Emad Drimly, Saud Abu Ramadan
Egypt's parliament speaker re-elected
Egypt's new People's Assembly re- elected Ahmed Fathi Sorour as its speaker on
Monday.
Iran summons Britain's envoy over students protests, envoy's
remarks
The Iranian foreign ministry Monday summoned British ambassador to Iran Simon
Gass to protest against what it called the British police "violence" against the
students and the ambassador's interfering remarks over the human rights
situation in Iran, the semi-official Mehr news agency reported.
Roundup: Iran threatens to reduce ties with Britain
Iran on Monday threatened to reduce ties with Britain over what it called the
interference of the Britain in Iran's domestic affairs.
Roundup: Syria's Assad wraps up two-day visit to France
by Fadi Abu Halawa
Syria pledges support for Palestinian reconciliation
Syrian Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Abrash said on Monday that his country
supports the inter- Palestinian reconciliation, the official Syrian SANA news
agency reported.
Yemen's opposition coalition vows to boycott parliamentary
elections
Yemen's opposition coalition vowed on Monday to boycott parliamentary elections
next April, and called for protest against the ruling party after the latter
approved unilaterally the controversial amendment to the elections earlier this
week.
Mitchell's tour not helpful for reviving peace process: Hamas
A senior official from the Damascus-based Islamic Hamas group said Monday that
no one counts on the U.S. Middle East peace envoy George Mitchell to revive the
stalled peace process.
PNA appreciates EU statement on settlement
The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) on Monday appreciates a statement by
the European Union (EU) criticizing Israeli settlement building.
Jordan rejects IAF's criticism over Afghan war
The Jordanian government on Monday rejected criticism by the Islamic Action
Front (IAF), which it considered as offensive to the role of the Jordanian armed
forces in assisting the Afghan people and providing medical and humanitarian
assistance to them.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 13
Yemen's opposition coalition vowed on Monday to boycott parliamentary elections
next April, and called for protest against the ruling party after the latter
approved unilaterally the controversial amendment to the elections earlier this
week.
No more survivors found from sunken South Korean trawler
Rescuers were unable to find any more survivors from the South Korean trawler
that sank off Antarctica, Maritime New Zealand said on Tuesday.
Pansy Wong resigns from New Zealand Parliament
New Zealand's former Cabinet Minister Pansy Wong resigned from the Parliament on
Tuesday.
Australian banking regulator APRA says Aussie banks need better
liquidity
The Australian banking regulator said on Tuesday Australia's banks would benefit
from being part of a global push to strengthen liquidity requirements.
Dollar at lower 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 83 yen level early Tuesday in Tokyo.
Nikkei opens 0.06 pct lower
Tokyo stocks opened flat Tuesday with the key Nikkei index down 0.06 percent.
Australia, Afghanistan reach agreement to send failed asylum
seekers home
An arrangement to send failed Afghan asylum seekers back to Afghanistan will
help Australia deal with unauthorized boat arrivals, a Labor front-bencher said
on Tuesday.
Urgent: S. Korea's Army chief offers to retire: Defense Ministry
South Korea's Army Chief of Staff Hwang Ui-don offered to retire, Seoul's
Ministry of National Defense confirmed to Xinhua on Tuesday.
Auckland traffic congestion takes its toll
Traffic congestion is harming their health and work or classroom output, said
almost a third of drivers in New Zealand's largest city of Auckland.
51 small anti-gov't armed groups return to legal fold in Myanmar
Some 51 small group members of the anti-government ethnic armed group, the Kayin
National Union (KNU), have returned to the government's legal fold in Myanmar
over late last week, the official daily New Light of Myanmar reported Tuesday.
Singapore's SingTel in partnership deal with Portugal Telecom
Singapore Telecommunications ( SingTel) has signed a collaboration agreement
with Portugal Telecom to share Internet television and fiber-optic know-how.
Urgent: 2 police killed in terrorist attack in NW Pakistan
At least two policemen were killed and six others injured in a terrorist attack
at a police checkpost early Tuesday morning in Pakistan's northwest tribal area
of Mohmand Agency, reported local Urdu TV Channel ARY.
Singapore scientists perform study on central corneal thickness
A team of Singapore scientists have discovered two genes from the collagen
family which demonstrate strong association with Central Corneal Thickness (CCT)
, a risk factor of glaucoma, the most common cause of irreversible blindness
worldwide.
1st LD Writethru: 2 police killed in terrorist attack in NW
Pakistan
At least two policemen were killed and six others injured in a terrorist attack
at a police checkpost early Tuesday morning in Pakistan's northwest tribal area
of Mohmand Agency, reported local Urdu TV Channel ARY.
Search for missing crewmen of sunken South Korean trawler
suspended
The search for 17 crewmen missing at sea after the sinking of a South Korean
fishing vessel in the Southern Ocean on Monday has been suspended, New Zealand's
Rescue Coordination Center New Zealand (RCCNZ) said on Tuesday.
Foreign contract workers to boost Australia's infrastructure:
expert
A leading demographer on Monday said Australia needs to bring in more foreign
contract workers to ensure the completion of major infrastructure projects.
UN seeks post-UNMIN role in Nepal
As the United Nations Mission in Nepal's (UNMIN) final tenure draws to a close
in mid-January 2011, the UN has begun consultations with the government
regarding setting up of a special UN unit in Kathmandu to fill the void in the
peace process in the post-UNMIN phase.
Indonesia, Japan reaches deal on 24 bln USD infrastructure
projects
JAKARTA, Dec. 13 (Xinhua) - Indonesia and Japan have signed agreement on
developing infrastructure in Jakarta valued by up to 2 trillion yen or 24
billion U.S. dollars, as Indonesia is attempting to build its transport link to
support economic growth, local media reported Monday.
Fainting of driver causes train crash in Bangladesh: probe
The driver, who fainted after drinking tea, is responsible for last Wednesday's
train crash in Bangladesh's Narsingdi district, according to a probe report,
cited by local media on Tuesday.
Vietnamese Communist Party Central Committee convenes
The 14th plenum of the 10th Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV)
Central Committee opened here on Monday.
Too many children held too long in refugee detention:
commissioner
Australian Human Rights Commission on Tuesday said too many children are being
held for long periods of time in immigration detention.
Australian scientists beat chronic pain with spinal chip
Australian scientists on Monday said they are working on a tiny device that
promises to have a big impact on treating chronic pain.
Malaysian FM to visit Italy, Switzerland, Austria and Slovakia
Malaysian Foreign Affairs Minister Anifah Aman will visit Italy, Switzerland,
Austria and Slovakia from Dec. 14 to 22 to reinvigorate Malaysia's bilateral
ties with the countries.
Dollar at mid-83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar changed hands at the mid-83 yen level Tuesday morning.
Vietnam receives 4.6 mln foreign visitors in 11 months, up 36.5
pct
Vietnam received 4.6 million foreign tourists in the first eleven months this
year, up 36.5 percent year-on-year, according to a report by Vietnam's General
Statistics Office Monday.
S. Korea reports additional foot-and-mouth case
South Korea on Monday reported one more case of foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) in
the southeastern part of the country, according to Seoul's Ministry of Food,
Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries.
Indian stocks open higher
MUMBAI, Dec. 14 (Xinhua)--Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,746.75
points Tuesday 54.97 points higher from previous close of 19,691.78 points on
rises of most world stock markets..
Philippine president's satisfaction rating improves
More Filipinos are satisfied with the performance of President Benigno Aquino
III, local media ABS- CBN News reported Monday.
Tokyo raps Moscow for allowing senior politician to visit
disputed islands
Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshito Sengoku said Tuesday a visit by a senior
Russian politician to disputed islands off Hokkaido claimed by both countries
would be of no benefit to Russia's plans of developing its Far East region.
Philippine troops capture 8 suspected militants in S. Philippines
COTABATO CITY, Philippines, Dec. 14 (Xinhua)  Philippine troops captured at
eight suspected Muslim militants in Southern Philippines, a military official
said Tuesday.
Feature: Nature-inspired Batik depict Malay culture
By Jia Ning Tan
Australian defense department faces financial challenges:
minister
Defense minister Stephen Smith confirmed on Tuesday that Australian Defense
Department is still struggling with financial matters.
12 Indian fishermen released in Pakistan
Pakistan Monday released 12 Indians from a prison in the southern port city of
Karachi, jail authorities said.
No plan of dispatching SDF to Korean Peninsula: official
Japan had no plan of dispatching its Self-Defense Forces to the Korean Peninsula
to rescue Japanese nationals in the event of contingencies, local media reported
Monday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 13
Five people were dead and 17 missing after a South Korean fishing vessel sank in
the Southern Ocean early Monday, Maritime New Zealand confirmed on Monday.
Urgent: 4 Chinese missing, 4 others rescued after S. Korean
fishing vessel sinks in Antarctic Ocean: Chinese Embassy
Four Chinese sailors went missing while four others were rescued after a South
Korean fishing vessel sank in the Antarctic Ocean, the Chinese Embassy to South
Korea told Xinhua.
Roundup: UN releases human development report 2010 in Australia
By Vienna Ma
Roundup: New Zealand's Pike River Coal Ltd in receivership
New Zealand's Pike River Coal Limited, which witnessed a series of mine
explosions which began on Nov. 19, is in receivership.
1st LD Writethru: 4 Chinese missing, 4 others rescued after S.
Korean fishing vessel sinks in Antarctic Ocean: Chinese Embassy
Four Chinese sailors went missing while four others were rescued after a South
Korean fishing vessel sank in the Antarctic Ocean, the Chinese Embassy to South
Korea told Xinhua.
Nikkei closes 0.80 pct higher
Tokyo stocks closed moderately higher Monday with the key Nikkei index up 0.80
percent.
US ambassador in Washington for talks about Fiji
Suva, Dec. 13 (Xinhua) -- The US Embassy to Fiji said here Monday that its
ambassador Steve McGann is in Washington to hold discussions on recent ties
between the two countries.
ROUNDUP: Philippine shares drop on Monday
Selling pressure continued on Monday, sending Philippine shares down by 0.49
percent lower.
Urgent: Explosion heard in Gwadar port, SW Pakistan
An explosion was heard in Gwadar, a newly-built port in southwest Pakistan's
Balochistan on Monday, local sources said, but no casualties have been reported.
Somali pirates abduct 24 Filipino sailors: EU Naval Force
Another batch of 24 Filipino crewmen of a Liberian-owned bulk cargo vessel were
seized by pirates in the Indian Ocean over the weekend, the European Union Naval
Force said Monday.
1st LD: Explosion heard in Gwadar port, SW Pakistan
An explosion was heard in Gwadar, a newly-built port in southwest Pakistan's
Balochistan on Monday, local sources said.
Philippines to improve business environment in 2011: president
The Philippine government will strive to build on its strengths to entice more
investments and generate greater confidence among local businessmen next year,
President Benigno Aquino III said Monday.
Afghan, NATO forces keep pressure on Taliban, tough days ahead:
NATO spokesman
The spokesman of NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on
Monday said that the military alliance will keep on pressure on Taliban
militants and described 2011 as a year with tough days in the post-Taliban
Afghanistan.
Indonesian, Malaysian police bolster anti-terror cooperation
Indonesian and Malaysian police pledged to step up cooperation in cracking down
terrorism in both countries that have been part of terrorists' playground in
Southeast region, an senior Indonesian police officer said Monday.
Roundup: S. Korean economy to grow 4.5 pct next year: BOK
by Na, Haejung
NATO commander visits Pakistan
Gen. David H. Petraeus, commander of the NATO International Security Assistance
Force ( ISAF) in Afghanistan, visited Pakistan on Monday to meet with Pakistan's
army chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, the U.S. embassy to Pakistan said.
Indonesia faces challenge to provide protection for migrant
workers: official
Indonesia faces challenge to adopt early detection to provide protection for
migrant workers due to limited staff in recipient countries, a minister said on
Monday.
Vietnam's retail sales up 25 pct in first 11 months
Vietnam's retail sales increased by 25 percent to 1,425 trillion Vietnamese dong
(73.09 billion U.S. dollars) in the first eleven months this year, said a report
of the General Statistics Office on Monday.
Dollar trades in lower 84 yen zone in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the lower 84 yen range Monday in Tokyo.
Roundup: S. Korean shares end higher on retail buying
Seoul shares closed up Monday, settling a new yearly record, thanks to retail
investors who shored up shares, local analysts said.
Singapore shares drop slightly
The shares prices in Singapore fell 3.1 points or 0.1 percent on Monday with the
benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,183.32 points.
Indonesia to take steps to increase protection for migrant
workers: official
Indonesia will take steps to increase protection for migrant workers due to
recent rampant cases of maltreatment on unskilled workers in recipient
countries, a minister said here on Monday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 13
Japan had no plan of dispatching its Self-Defense Forces to the Korean Peninsula
to rescue Japanese nationals in the event of contingencies, local media reported
Monday.
20 armed Taliban give up militancy in W. Afghanistan
Twenty armed Taliban militants gave up militancy and surrendered to government
in Afghanistan's western Herat province on Monday, provincial governor Daud Saba
said.
Moderate quake strikes off Sumatra, Indonesia
An Earthquake with magnitude of 5. 9 struck off Sumatra Island of Indonesia's
Lampung province on Monday, but there is no potential for tsunami, the
Meteorology and Geophysics Agency reported.
El Nino causes rise in dengue fever: health official
The El Nino phenomenon has been blamed for the rise in dengue fever cases in
Malaysia this year, a Malaysian health official said.
Roundup:  Nikkei closes up 0.80 percent on softer yen, China's
rate move
Tokyo stocks rose Monday with the key Nikkei stock index advancing 0.80 percent
as the yen's depreciation against the U.S. dollar provided exporters with some
relief and China's increased reserve ratio sent Chinese equities higher,
contributing to an optimistic mood in Tokyo.
Indian stocks close up 0.94 pct
MUMBAI, Dec. 13 (Xinhua) The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 182.89 points,
or 0.94 percent Monday on growth of global stock bourses.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 13
The Philippine market finished 0.49 percent lower on Monday.
Roundup: Thousands of people sued for Sunday's deadly violence in
Bangladesh
Police of Bangladesh's southeastern city of Chittagong have lodged three
separate cases against about 30,000 unknown people for Sunday's deadly violence
in an export processing zone and surrounding areas in the port city, officials
said Monday.
Urgent: Two killed in school bus blast in NW Pakistan
A bomb attack on a school bus killed a child and its driver in Pakistan's
northwestern city of Peshawar on Monday, a provincial minister said.
1st LD Writethru: Two killed in school bus blast in NW Pakistan
A bomb attack on a school bus killed a child and its driver in Pakistan's
northwestern city of Peshawar on Monday, a provincial minister said.
Philippine gov't takes measures to protect tourists
The Philippine government said on Monday that it is implementing institutional
reforms in Philippine law enforcement agencies and upgrading its crisis
management capacity as the presidential review committee wraps up its second
report on the Manila bus hostage-taking incident.
German defense minister visits troops in Afghanistan
German Defense Minister Karl Theodor Zu Guttenberg paid an unannounced visit to
Afghanistan's northern Kunduz province on Monday.
Former Pakistani PM welcomes Chinese premier visit
Former Pakistani Prime Minister and opposition leader Nawaz Sharif on Monday the
upcoming visit by Chinese premier Wen Jiabao would further cement the already
time- tested bilateral relations.
Latest report finds benefits of free trade agreements oversold in
Australia
Australia's Productivity Commission said Monday   research has found that the
positives of free trade agreements have been oversold and the way the deals are
done needs to be improved.
Last batch of U.S. F-16 fighter jets delivered to Pakistan
The final six F-16 fighter jets arrived in Pakistan from the United States on
Monday, the Pakistan Air Force (PAF) said.
Bomb attack foiled in southern Philippines
Philippine security forces foiled on Monday a roadside bomb attack in the
country's restive south.
Indian home minister retracts statement linking crime with
migrant population
Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram's statement Monday blaming the migrant
population for rising incidents of crime in Delhi has been severely criticized
by the opposition parties.
BOC provides better service to Chinese investors in Australia
The Australian Branch of the Bank of China (BOC) has made every effort to
provide service to the Chinese enterprises which invest in Australia, said a
senior BOC banker on Monday.
China to work on expanding integration of Asian markets: CIC
China will continue to work in close collaboration with its Asian neighbors to
expand market integration in the region, Jin Liqun, chairman of the Board of
Supervisory of the China Investment Corporation (CIC), said here on Monday.
Malaysia, Brunei to jointly explore oil, gas
The national oil companies of Malaysia and Brunei signed the Production Sharing
Agreement (PSA) here on Monday to jointly explore and produce oil and gas in a
deepwater block.
ADB provides 19 mln dollar for conserving forest in Cambodia
Asian Development Bank (ADB) approved to provide  19 million U.S. dollars to
Cambodia for conserving threatened forest in Cardamom Mountain and northeastern
provinces, according to ADB press release on Monday.
Roundup: Minor selling drags Pakistan KSE below 11,600
Equities at Pakistan's Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) started the fresh week on a
bearish note as its main index dipped slightly to end below 11,600 levels on
Monday.
News Analysis: Japan's ruling DPJ becoming further unhinged over
Ozawa testimony
Japan's ruling Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) opted Monday not to vote on a
decision to summon the party's power broker Ichiro Ozawa to testify in
parliament over his involvement in a political funds scandal which saw three of
Ozawa's former aides charged with falsifying records for the purchase of a plot
of land in Tokyo's Setagaya ward for about 400 million yen (4.7 million U.S.
dollars).
IAEA to help Bangladesh build nuclear power plant
International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA) will extend all-out support to
Bangladesh in setting up a nuclear power plant, visiting Director General of the
global nuclear watchdog Yukiya Anano said on Monday.
Cambodia prepares second military exercise with U.S. next year
Cambodia is planning its second military exercise with the United States next
year, a senior military official said Monday.
Japan protests against Russian deputy premier's visit to islands:
media
Japan protested Monday against a visit by Russian First Deputy Prime Minister
Igor Shuvalov to two of the four Russian-held islands also claimed by Japan,
Kyodo News agency reported.
Roundup: Debate rages over Australia's new banking reforms
By Vienna Ma
Moderate quake hits off eastern Indonesia
A moderate earthquake measuring 5. 7 on the Richter scale rocked off eastern
Indonesia's East Nusa Tenggara province at 22:30 local time (1530 GMT) on
Monday, the Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency said in a statement.
Yearender: War on terror costs Pakistan heavily
By Syed Moazzam Hashmi, Yangtze Yan
Japanese PM seeks 5 percentage point cut in corporate tax: media
Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan asked ministers in the government to offer a
five percentage point cut in Japan's corporate income tax, local media reported
Monday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 13
A bomb attack on a school bus killed a child and its driver in Pakistan's
northwestern city of Peshawar on Monday, a provincial minister said.
Sri Lankan former rebel commander recalls international support
A former senior commander of Sri Lanka's defeated Tamil Tiger rebels recalled
the assistance they received from international backers.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire extends curfew for another week
Cote d'Ivoire on Monday extended the curfew for another week. The move was
contained a presidential decree by President  Laurent Gbagbo which was read out
in television.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire extends curfew for another week
Cote d'Ivoire on Monday extended the curfew for another week. The move was
contained a presidential decree by President  Laurent Gbagbo which was read out
in state television.
Zambia accuses Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo of denting Africa's
democracy
A veteran politician in Zambia advised Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President
Laurent Gbagbo to accept his country's election results, which declared
opposition leader Alassane Quattara as a clear winner, saying his actions were
an affront to democracy, the Zambia Daily Mail reported on Monday.
Uganda dismisses claims about Egypt planning war over Nile waters
The Ugandan government on Monday dismissed claims published in a bi-weekly
newspaper here that Egypt was planning to wage a war on the country and other
regional governments in a bid to control usage of River Nile water.
Roundup: Ghana gets ready for oil production
by Bai Jingshan
New Miss South Africa to help pregnant teenagers
Newly crowned Miss South Africa, Bokang Montjane, said on Monday that she wants
to focus on helping young teenage mothers during her reign.
Urgent: Armed clashes erupt in Cote d'Ivoire after elections
Armed clashes erupted on Monday in Cote d'Ivoire days after the two presidential
candidates claimed victory and named their prime ministers, officials reported.
1st LD: Armed clashes erupt in Cote d'Ivoire after elections
Armed clashes erupted on Monday in Cote d'Ivoire days after the two presidential
candidates claimed victory and named their prime ministers, officials reported.
Ireland launches 3.9 million Euro project to boost livelihood in
northeastern Uganda
Ireland on Monday launched a 3.9 million Euro project to boost livelihood in
drought stricken northeastern Uganda also known as Karamoja, a statement from
the Irish Embassy here said.
Kenya to set up local tribunal to try post-election violence
suspects
NAIROBI, Dec. 13 (Xinhua)--The Kenyan government said late Monday that it would
establish a local tribunal to ensure post election violence victims get justice
and to promote national healing.
Camp of Alassane Ouattara says to take control of government
offices in Cote d'Ivoire
Alassane Ouattara, the winner of the presidential election announced by the
electoral commission of Cote d'Ivoire,  and his supporters vowed on Monday to
take control of government offices on Friday.
Survey paints rosy picture of Zimbabwe 's mining industry next
year
Zimbabwe's mining industry is likely to be ranked the top performer among all
sectors in terms of productivity next year as business confidence in the country
has increased on the back of the stable economic climate, a recent survey has
showed.
Zimbabwe business community hails One Stop Shop Investment Center
Zimbabwe business community members have hailed the establishment of a One Stop
Shop Investment Center on Monday as the development is expected to increase the
country's competitiveness as a safe and viable destination for business
activities.
Angolan president set for first visit to South Africa
South African President Jacob Zuma is due to receive his Angolan counterpart
Jose Eduardo dos Santos on Tuesday for a two-day visit.
Ethiopia, China discuss projects financed by China
Ethiopian Minister of Finance and Economic Development Sufian Ahmed and a
Chinese delegation led by Liu Liange, deputy president of Export-Import Bank of
China (China Eximbank), on Monday discussed projects financed by the EximBank
here in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Wal Mart folds up operation in Russia
The largest world retailer, U.S.- based Wal Mart, folded up its operations in
Russia after 10 years in the country's market, Moscow's RBC Daily reported on
Monday.
Russian stocks close up
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Monday with both key indexes higher.
Georgia urges ship owner to help with sailors held by Somali
pirates
A senior Georgian foreign ministry official on Monday urged a ship owner to take
up responsibility for the personal safety of the Georgian sailors who has been
working for him but now being held by Somali pirates.
Urgent: U.S. economy needs "forward momentum": advisor
U.S. economy needs "forward momentum" to boost recovery and curb high
unemployment, said President Obama's chief economic advisor on Monday.
1st LD: U.S. economy needs "forward momentum": advisor
U.S. economy needs "forward momentum" to boost recovery and curb high
unemployment, said President Obama's chief economic advisor on Monday.
U.S. stocks rise on China's strong retail sales, merger deals
U.S. stocks opened higher and gained in early trading Monday as China's strong
economic data buoyed the sentiment and several merger deals boosted confidence
in equities.
U.S. not fail in complying with obligations on tyre-measures
against China: WTO
The World Trade Organization (WTO) said in a report on Monday that the United
States did not fail to comply with its obligations in imposing the transitional
safeguards measure on Sept. 26, 2009 in respect of imports of subject tyres from
China.
Urgent: U.S. federal court rules key part of Obamacare
unconstitutional
A U.S. federal court on Monday ruled individual health coverage requirement of
the healthcare reform law unconstitutional, dealing a blow to Obama's one of the
most important legislative achievements.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Monday with the leading FTSE 100 index
up by 47.80 points, or 0.82 percent, at 5,860.75 points.
2nd LD Wirtethru: U.S. economy needs "forward momentum": advisor
U.S. economy needs "forward momentum" to boost recovery and curb high
unemployment, said President Obama's chief economic advisor on Monday.
Future: Former NBA All-Star Francis aspires for China's CBA
journey
For Steve D'Shawn Francis, former Houston Rockets guard and three-time All-Star,
exploring a culture dating back to antiquity and playing professional basketball
are top reasons he's looking forward to joining the Beijing Ducks in China's
CBA.
UN calls on Haitian candidates to use legal means in complaints
over elections
Amid rising tensions following Haiti's disputed elections, the United Nations on
Monday called on candidates to use legal means to file complaints and urged
supporters to refrain from violence.
Baby panda officially named in Vienna zoo
A baby panda born in Austria in summer this year was officially named Fu Hu
meaning "happy tiger" in Chinese at a ceremony held Monday at Vienna's
Schoenbrunn Zoo.
OPEC weekly oil price reaches new record high
The weekly average prices of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
(OPEC) last week once again reached a new record high of 87.80 U.S. dollars per
barrel, the Vienna-based cartel said Monday.
ABN Amro bank fined for "non-appropriate advice"
The Financial Markets Authority (AFM) of the Netherlands announced on Monday
that it has given Dutch bank ABN Amro an administrative fine of 30,000 euros
(about 40,000 dollars) for "non-appropriate advice" in providing credit
protection insurances.
Russian riot police beef up for riot threats
Russian riot policemen cleaned Moscow's Manezh Square near the Kremlin amid
threats of more riots in the aftermath of the Dec. 11 riot, local media reported
on Monday.
Russia calls for resumption of six-party talks
Russia is deeply concerned with the information that the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea (DPRK) enriches uranium, and calls for the creation of the
environment for resuming the six-party talks, the Russian Foreign Ministry said
in a Monday statement.
1st LD: U.S. federal court rules key part of Obamacare
unconstitutional
A U.S. federal court on Monday ruled individual health coverage requirement of
the healthcare reform law unconstitutional. This is the first federal court to
strike down the law.
Romanian Senate president labeled unstatutory his suspension from
party
Romanian Senate President Mircea Geoana Monday labeled as unstatutory his
suspension from the Social Democratic Party for six months, which was ruled by
the party's National Standing Bureau.
"Black Swan" sweeps 12 nods at Critics' Choice Movie Awards
Darren Aronofsky's "Black Swan " has received an unprecedented 12 nominations
for the 16th annual Critics' Choice Movie awards including best picture, best
actress, best supporting actress and best director, followed by "The King's
Speech" and "True Grit," the organizer of the event announced in Los Angeles on
Monday.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. not fail in complying with obligations on
tyre-measures against China: WTO
The World Trade Organization ( WTO) said in a report on Monday that the United
States did not fail to comply with its obligations in imposing the transitional
safeguards measure on Sept. 26, 2009 in respect of imports of subject tyres from
China.
2nd LD Writethru: U.S. federal court rules key part of Obamacare
unconstitutional
A U.S. federal court in Virginia on Monday ruled individual health coverage
requirement of Obama's healthcare reform law unconstitutional. This is the first
federal court to strike down the law.
New Russian submarine to be commissioned in 2011
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin Monday congratulated the dock trials of
the Alexander Nevsky nuclear submarine in northern region of Severodvinsk,
saying the submarine is due to enter service in Dec. 2011, local media reported
on Monday.
Urgent: Gold gains momentum on China inflation and safe-haven
demand
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rebounded
on Monday, as the last weekend saw no interest rate increases in China as
anticipated. Meanwhile, a weaker U.S. dollar also helped push up the gold price.
U.S. researchers find new way for obesity control
Removing a cellular receptor for ghrelin protein may allow mice to burn more fat
and reduce weight, and this could point a new way to obesity control, according
to the study published by HealthDay News on Monday.
British students in peaceful protests over allowance cut plan
Thousands of British school pupils and college students aged 16-18 protested on
Monday against a coalition government proposal to end a weekly grant paid to
some students and replace it with an allowance aimed at a smaller number of
students.
Sarkozy wants to forge new monetary system during G20 presidency
French President Nicolas Sarkozy on Monday once again called for the
introduction of a new international monetary system that can cope with the
financial crisis, saying the issue will be high on agenda during France's G20
presidency.
UN mission reports tense situation in Cote d'Ivoire
The UN mission in Cote d' Ivoire (UNOCI) reported on Monday that the situation
in the West African country remains tense, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told
reporters here.
EU considers sanctions on Cote d'Ivoire over election dispute
European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said on Monday that the
bloc is considering sanctions on Cote d'Ivoire over its presidential election
dispute, while congratulating Ouattara on his election as president, and calling
for an immediate peaceful handover of power.
Joint UN-AU team patrols South Darfur after deadly attacks
Following attacks on Friday and Saturday that left two civilians dead and 24
others wounded, an integrated assessment team from the UN-African Union
peacekeeping mission in Darfur (UNAMID) traveled to the South Darfur region, UN
spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters here on Monday.
South African rugby tribunal to probe drug claims
The South African Rugby Union (SARU) said on Monday that it will appoint an
anti-doping tribunal to investigate alleged doping offenses by national players
Chiliboy Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson.
FIFA launches World Cup legacy trust in South Africa
FIFA on Monday launched a 100 million U.S. dollar 2010 World Cup Legacy Trust in
South Africa, the country which hosted the June-July tournament.
Decline of U.S. West Coast fog linked with rise in coastal
temperatures: study
Decline of U.S. West Coast fog has brought higher coastal temperatures in the
past 60 years, the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
said in a report on Monday.
British home secretary says student protests "infiltrated" by
hard-core activists, street gangs
British Home Secretary Theresa May said on Monday that student protests in the
country over the past month have been "infiltrated by hard-core activists and
street gangs."
Ghana Football Association resumes work
The Ghana Football Association (GFA) resumed work on Monday after a week of
forced closed-down by the football authority in a search from the Economic and
Organized Crime Office (EOCO).
Urgent: Crude prices gain on unchanged OPEC output
Crude prices rose on Monday as OPEC's weekend meeting in Ecuador kept production
quotas unchanged. Light, sweet crude for January delivery gained 82 cents to
88.61 U. S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
EU provides 2 million euros humanitarian aid to Chechnya
The European Union (EU) will provide a 2-million-euro (about 2.6 million U.S.
dollars) humanitarian aid to the 45,000 people displaced by the territorial
dispute in Chechnya, the European Commission said here Monday.
Deputy UN chief arrives in Zambia for Great Lakes summit
UN Deputy Secretary-general Asha-Rose Migiro on Monday arrived in Lusaka,
capital of Zambia, to attend a special summit to be held later this week on
combating the illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Great Lakes
region, a UN spokesman told reporters here.
U.S. plan calls for more investment in Prompt Global Strike
capabilities
The U.S. State Department on Monday published a fact sheet that says the
government is evaluating directing more resources toward developing conventional
prompt global strike capabilities, which is aimed at precisely striking time-
sensitive, high value targets.
To tackle fiscal threat critical to next Congress: leading
lawmaker
U.S. lawmakers in the House need to deal with the "threat of fiscal turmoil"
when helping foster sustainable recovery in the coming years, a key Congressman
said Monday.
Soccer stars to play charity match for Haiti, Pakistan
Dozens of international footballers are expected to play in Greece on Tuesday to
garner support for the people in Haiti and Pakistan, which were affected by
different kinds of disasters, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told on Monday.
Croatia should join EU soon: Hungarian PM
Hungary pledged on Monday to finish the EU accession talks with Croatia during
its six-month European Union (EU) rotating presidency, which is to start on Jan.
1, 2011.
North American foreign ministers stress trilateral cooperation on
issues
The foreign ministers of the United States, Mexico and Canada reaffirmed here on
Monday their government's commitment to trilateral cooperation and coordination,
as it will bring benefits to the three countries.
1st Ld-Writethru: Crude prices gain on unchanged OPEC production,
strong China data
Crude prices rose on Monday as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
(OPEC) weekend meeting in Ecuador kept production quotas unchanged and China's
strong economic data suggested rising demand.
1st Ld-Writethru: Gold gains momentum on China inflation and
safe-haven demand
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rebounded
on Monday, as the last weekend saw no interest rate increases in China as
anticipated. Meanwhile, a weaker U.S. dollar also helped push up the gold price.
UN chief looks forward to Quartet discussions on Middle East
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon is looking forward to discussions by the
Middle East Quartet on the current stalemate in the Palestinian-Israeli peace
talks, UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters here on Monday.
Economy crisis not over, but enters new phase: Canada's central
bank governor
Cyclical and structural factors have led to a low-interest-rate environment,
Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney said on Monday while reviewing the
implications of such an environment for financial stability and economic growth
in Canada and globally.
Hungarian parliament approves bill effectively ending private
pension system
Hungarian parliament, in which the governing Fidesz Party and the Christian
Democratic People's Party hold a two-thirds majority, approved a bill on Monday
to invite people currently paying into private pension funds, to return to the
state-controlled system.
Cyprus bottoms out in tourist arrivals
Tourist arrivals in Cyprus for the first 11 months this year recorded an
increase of 1.8 percent, a signal that the tourism sector may have bottomed out
from a poor performance in 2009 due to the global financial crisis.
One quarter of EU population under poverty threat in 2008: study
Some 116 million people, representing one quarter of the total European Union
(EU) population, were at risk of poverty in 2008, according to a study published
Monday by Eurostat.
North American foreign ministers concerned about security in
Central America, Caribbean
The foreign ministers of the United States, Mexico and Canada said here on
Monday that North American partners are increasingly concerned about the
security situation throughout Central America and the Caribbean, renewing their
commitment to combating transnational criminal organizations.
Urgent: Wall Street narrows gains before closing
Wall Street on Monday narrowed gains before closing and ended mixed. Dow and
S&amp;P rose modestly, while Nasdaq fell.
Urgent: Dollar slumps as investors worry about U.S. budget
deficit
The U.S. dollar fell broadly against major currencies in late New York trading
on Monday as investors worried about U.S. budget deficit due to probable tax cut
extension.
Money doesn't buy happiness over long term: global study
Raising a country from poverty to affluence doesn't necessarily make the
nation's population happier, according to a new study of 54 countries worldwide.
1st LD Writethru: Dollar slumps as investors worry about U.S.
budget deficit
The U.S. dollar fell broadly against major currencies in late New York trading
on Monday as investors worried about U.S. budget deficit due to probable tax cut
extension.
Heavy snows in Europe underline need to prepare for climate
hazards, says UN official
The heavy snowfall that recently immobilized cities in Europe is an indication
that the world may be ill prepared to cope with unpredictable climate patterns,
a senior UN official said on Monday, calling for greater efforts to improve
readiness to respond to extreme weather events.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. stocks narrow gains before closing, ending
mixed
U.S. stocks on Monday narrowed gains before closing, ending mixed.
Roma of the Balkans live in poverty: report
The Roma people of the Balkans live in poverty and are subject to racism and
discrimination, according to the findings of a report released in Belgrade on
Monday by the European Roma Rights Center (ERRC).
UN Population Fund announces partnership to promote reproductive
health in Africa
The UN Population Fund ( UNFPA) announced on Monday that it has teamed up with
the Millennium Villages Project (MVP) to promote universal access to
reproductive health in sub-Saharan Africa.
North American foreign ministers call for end to Haiti's chaos
The Foreign ministers of the United States, Mexico and Canada called here Monday
on the international community to make joint efforts to end the chaos in Haiti
following a disputed presidential election.
Obama may delay vacation to push for legislations
The White House on Monday said U.S. President Barack Obama is willing to stay in
Washington during the Christmas holidays as long as Congress keeps working, in a
bid to push for key legislations in the Congress.
Kosovo PM's party wins general elections
Kosovo Prime Minister Hashim Thaci's Democratic Party of Kosovo (PDK) won
Sunday's early general elections, Central Election Commission (CEC) said on
Monday.
Spanish La Liga leading scorers
Following are the leading scorers after Monday's Spanish league match:
North American foreign ministers discuss security challenges
The foreign ministers of the United States, Mexico and Canada said here on
Monday that they need to make joint efforts to address the security challenges
in the region.
Chicago grain futures climb as China opts not to increase
interest rate
Chicago grain futures collectively bounced off on Monday, after China decided
not to raise interest rates during weekend as investors anticipated, alleviating
concerns that an interest rate hike may dent the country's contribution to the
global economic recovery.
Valencia waste chance to pressure top four in Spanish La Liga
Valencia will remain in fifth place in the Spanish La Liga after drawing 3-3 at
home to Osasuna on Monday.
Haiti has turned "volatile" following announcement of electoral
results: UN chief
The situation in Haiti has turned "volatile" following the announcement of
electoral results amid rising tensions, UN Secretary-general Ban Ki-moon told
the General Assembly here on Monday, stressing that the country, which is
already facing a multitude of issues, needs continued support from the world
body.
China's city to boost fame with Asian Beach Games
China's unknown coastal city Haiyang in Shandong province hoped to boost its
fame with hosting the next Asian Beach Games, the city's vice mayor said on the
sidelines of the ongoing second Asian Beach Games in Oman.
Two more critics group pick "The Social Network" as best picture
Two more American critics groups -- the African American Film Critics
Association (AAFCA) and Southeastern Film Critics Association (SEFCA) -- on
Monday named "The Social Network" as their choice for the best picture of 2010,
further attesting to the fact that the David Fincher- directed drama about the
founding of Facebook is becoming a major contender in the award season.
English Premier League leading scorers
Following are the leading scorers after the English Premier League match on
Monday:
Roundup: Wall Street narrows gains to end mixed
The U.S. stocks on Monday narrowed gains before closing as the boosting factors
faded. The major indexes ended with the Dow slightly up, S&amp;P 500 flat and
Nasdaq down.
Roundup: Canadian stocks on the rise
The Canadian stocks rose on Monday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index closed up
56.39 points, or 0.43 percent, at 13,295.86.
UN chief calls on all parties in Cote d'Ivoire to avoid violence
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon on Monday called on all parties in Cote
d'Ivoire "to avoid violence and any further escalation of the post-electoral
crisis," saying that "the will of the people must be respected."
Canada to invest one billion Canadian dollars in aerospace
project
Canadian Minister of Industry Tony Clement on Monday announced a major
investment in a one-billion-Canadian-dollar (about 992 million U.S. dollars)
research and development (R&amp;D) project being undertaken by Pratt &amp;
Whitney Canada Corporation in Mississauga.
New York Film Critics Circle names "The Social Network" as best
film
The New York Film Critics Circle on Monday picked "The Social Network" as the
best film of 2010 and David Fincher as the best director for his work on the
Facebook- based movie.
Roundup: Italian PM in search of last-minute supporters
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Monday tried to seek the necessary
support to secure a solid majority for Tuesday's parliamentary confidence vote
set to decide the future of his government.
Roundup: North American foreign ministers' meeting stresses
trilateral cooperation
by Shi Li, Mark Bourrie
News Analysis: Berlusconi faces various possible outcomes of
confidence vote
by Eric J. Lyman
Airbus sees 3.2 trillion USD orders in whole world by 2029
European leading plane maker Airbus saw a market demand of nearly 26,000
passenger and cargo planes, worth a total value of 3.2 trillion U.S. dollars by
2029 as an expected boom in emerging markets' growth would boost demand, it said
on Monday.
Roundup: Stockholm bomber identified as Swedish national
by Xuefei Chen Axelsson
Stocks close higher in Mexico, Argentina, Brazil
Latin America's three major stock markets ended higher on Monday.
Canada to invest 1 billion dollars in aerospace project
Minister of Industry Tony Clement announced here on Monday a major investment in
a one-billion-Canadian dollar (992-million-U.S. dollar) research and development
project by Pratt &amp; Whitney Canada Corporation.
Xinhua world news summary at 0100 GMT, Dec. 14
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki-moon on Monday called on all parties in Cote
d'Ivoire "to avoid violence and any further escalation of the post-electoral
crisis," saying that "the will of the people must be respected." (UN-Cote
d'Ivoire)
Urgent: U.S. veteran diplomat Holbrooke dies
U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke died on Monday
at the age of 69, CNN reported.
Chinese vice premier arrives in Washington for China-U.S. trade
talks
A delegation led by Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan arrived here on Monday for
the 21st meeting of the China-U.S. Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade
(JCCT).
Obama seeks to downplay impact of WikiLeaks revelations
In his latest effort to downplay the impact of the WikiLeaks revelations of
sensitive U.S. diplomatic cables, President Barack Obama stressed on Monday that
building partnerships of "mutual interest and mutual respect" remains a
fundamental cornerstone of U.S. foreign policy.
Bolivia, China sign deal to build telecom satellite
Bolivian state-run Space Agency (ABE) and China Great Wall Industry Corporation
signed a commercial contract Monday to build and launch a telecommunication
satellite for Bolivia.
Los Angeles reeling under rising budget deficit
Los Angeles' budget deficit for the 2010-11 fiscal year has ballooned to 87.84
million dollars from 63.7 million two months ago, authorities said on Monday.
DPRK accuses S.Korea of lying in artillery shelling incident
A leading newspaper of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on
Monday accused South Korea of lying in its propaganda over last month's
Yonphyong Island shelling incident.
Veteran U.S. diplomat Holbrooke dies
U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke died on Monday
at the age of 69, CNN reported.
Roundup: Argentine politics face uncertainty as election year
approaches
As the 2011 election year is around the corner, Argentines are still uncertain
whether President Cristina Fernandez would seek reelection.
Nightclub clash kills 8 in Venezuela
At least eight people died and 15 more were injured during an armed clash early
Monday morning in Caracas, capital of Venezuela.
Feature: British science budgets protected in age of austerity
by Xinhua writer Huang Kun
Gwyneth Paltrow received star on Walk of Fame
Actress Gwyneth Paltrow was honored with a dedication of star on the famed
Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday, less than a month before her latest film
"Country Strong" is scheduled for release.
Venezuela offers compensation to flood victims
The Venezuelan government on Monday continued to give compensation of some
261.40 U.S. dollars to each family affected by the flooding.
Brazil sends 500 tents to Venezuelan flood victims
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Sunday sent the first batch of
100 tents in humanitarian aid for Venezuelan flood victims.
Venezuela to purchase 2,000 homes for rain victims
Housing and Habitat Minister Ricardo Molina Monday announced the government will
purchase 2,000 homes for families affected by the rains in Venezuela.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 13
Four Chinese sailors went missing while four others were rescued after a South
Korean fishing vessel sank in the Antarctic Ocean, the Chinese Embassy to South
Korea told Xinhua.
UNEP presents regional map on Latin American environment
The regional office for Latin America and the Caribbean of the UN Environment
Program (UNEP) Monday presented a regional map on the environment of Latin
America.
Interview: Milan Expo to boost global cooperation in fight
against hunger, poverty:  official
by Silvia Marchetti
Mexican auto industry registers strong exports in November
Mexican auto exports registered a 24.7 percent increase and a 17.5 percent
increase in production year on year in November, the Mexican Automotive Industry
Association (AMIA) said in a statement Monday.
Brazil launches new banknotes
Brazil's central bank launched new  banknotes with different denominations
Monday.
Nicaragua sends 4th shipment of humanitarian aid to Venezuela
Nicaragua Monday sent the fourth shipment of humanitarian aid for the
Venezuelans affected by the rains, executive president of the National Company
of Ports (ENP) Virgilio Silva said.
AU urges diplomatic solution to Cote d'Ivoire crisis
The African Union was not in favor of sanctions against Cote d'Ivoire over its
disputed presidential election, and called for a diplomatic solution to the
crisis, a senior AU official said on Sunday.
Nicaragua, EU sign new cooperation agreements
The Nicaraguan government and the European Union Monday signed new cooperation
agreements of 25.6 million euros (34.2 million U.S. dollars) to support small-
and medium-sized enterprises (SME) and to create a food security program,
Nicaraguan Foreign Minister Samuel Santos said.
London stock market rises in early trading
London stock market opened higher on Monday, with the leading FTSE 100 index up
39.88 points at 5,852.83 points in early trading.
Senior Chinese military official arrives in Cuba for visit
General Ma Xiaotian, deputy chief of the General Staff of the Chinese People's
Liberation Army, arrived here Monday for a goodwill visit at the invitation of
Cuba's Revolutionary Armed Forces Ministry.
UN climate change conference restores trust: Mexican president
Mexican President Felipe Calderon said on Monday that the main challenge of the
2010 United Nations Climate Change Conference has been successfully overcome: to
restore trust.
Urgent: Young man takes children hostage in eastern France
A young man armed with swords took some 15 children hostage at a primary school
in eastern France, police said on Monday.
Obama, Clinton mourn death of special envoy Holbrooke
U.S. President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Monday
evening mourned the death of special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard
Holbrooke, who just died of illness at the age of 69.
1st LD: Young man takes children hostage in eastern France
A young man armed with swords took some 15 children hostage at a kindergarten in
eastern France, police said on Monday.
EU urges dialog between Nicaragua, Costa Rica
A European Union (EU) representative Monday urged the Nicaraguan and Costa Rican
governments to start a bilateral dialog to resolve the border conflict caused by
the dredging of the San Juan River.
Euro zone needs stricter financial, fiscal discipline to dilute
risks: OECD
The euro zone has emerged from the global depression as activities are picking
up, but fraught debt crisis and widening imbalance in the area threaten the
fragile recovery, the Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development said on Monday.
2nd LD: Young man takes children hostage in eastern France
A young man armed with swords still kept five to six children hostage at a
kindergarten in eastern France, mayor of the Besancon city said on Monday.
Medvedev vows to punish rioters
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Monday that all rioters involved in the
Dec. 10 protest on Manezh Square near the Kremlin will be punished.
France's GDP to accelerate to 1.6 pct in 2010: minister
France is expected to quicken its economic growth to 1.6 percent in 2010, above
an initial growth forecast on boosted performance of the country's economic
activities, Economy Minister Christine Lagarde said on Monday.
Spain's home sales plunge in October
Spain's home sales experienced a sharp fall in October, according to official
figures published Monday.
3rd LD: Young man takes children hostage in eastern France,
police entering kindergarten
French special taskforce policemen have entered the kindergarten where an armed
young man still kept five children hostage in eastern France on Monday,
according to radio channel France Info.
Urgent: Young man kidnapping kids arrested in eastern France
The 17-year-old kidnapper taking kindergarten kids in eastern French city
Besancon was arrested by police on Monday.
Same man sends e-mail, bombs himself: Swedish police
The man who bombed himself in central Stockholm on Saturday was the same person
who sent the threatening e-mail, Swedish police said Monday.
London stock market up by midday
The London stock market rose moderately by midday on Monday with the leading
FTSE 100 index up 52.66 points at 5,865.61 points at noon.
Commentary: Enhanced China-U.S. economic ties benefit both on
possible bumpy road
by Xinhua writer Jiang Xufeng
Moody's remains pessimistic over future of Spanish banks
Credit rating agency Moody's on Monday depicted a negative prospect of Spanish
banks, citing difficult access to financing and external pressures on the
industry.
Russia ready to join in Europe missile defense program
Russia is ready to share responsibility in creating a joint missile defense
shield in Europe and to become a full member of this system, Russian Defense
Minister Anatoly Serdyukov said on Monday.
Ukraine's foreign trade deficit grows
Ukrainian statistical authorities said Monday that the country's foreign trade
had seen an expanding deficit.
Georgian feature takes Best Film award at 11th TIFF
A Georgian 2010 production of "Susa" has won the Best Film Award - Gold
Prometheus - at the 11th Tbilisi International Film Festival (TIFF) which
concluded late on Sunday.
ASEAN economic recovery slows down in Q4: OECD
Except for the Philippines, major southeastern Asian countries are to register
slowing down economic recovery pace in the fourth quarter of this year mainly
due to weak trade, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
(OECD) said on Monday.
Suicide bomber is 98 percent identified: Swedish official
Swedish Chief Prosecutor Thomas Lindstrand said Monday that the man who killed
himself in a suicide bomb attack in central Stockholm on Saturday was up to 98
percent identified.
Poverty threatens 81 million people in EU
There were still 81 million people in the European Union (EU) at risk of poverty
in 2008, the EU's statistics bureau Eurostat said in a report on Monday.
Three out of four in Switzerland satisfied with their lives:
official survey
In 2009, 74.6 percent of people living in Switzerland were very satisfied with
their lives, the Swiss Federal Statistical Office (FSO) said Monday.
4th LD: Young kidnapper arrested, kids released in eastern France
French police on Monday arrested a young man who had taken some 20 kindergarten
kids hostage in an eastern city before releasing all of them.
5.5-magnitude quake hits Flores region, Indonesia -- USGS
An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale jolted Flores region,
Indonesia, at 13:30:50 GMT on Monday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
OECD composite leading indicators point to unchanged economic
signs
The composite leading indicators (CLIs) of the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development (OECD) showed economic stabilization in near term.
Foreign workers in EU countries send less money home amid crisis
Foreigners working in the European Union (EU) sent less money home last year due
to the international financial crisis, showed official figures released Monday.
L. American economy grows 6 percent in 2010, 4.2 percent in 2011:
ECLAC
Latin America and the Caribbean region achieved an annual growth of 6 percent,
and is expected to grow 4.2 percent next year, United Nations' Economic
Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) announced on Monday.
Georgia may get additional donor money for reconstruction -
minister
The South Caucasus country of Georgia may get half a billion U.S. dollars more
than the 4.5 billion dollars it was allocated for reconstruction by the 2008
Brussels Donors' Conference, it was announced here on Monday.
1st LD: L. American economy grows 6 percent in 2010, 4.2 percent
in 2011: ECLAC
Latin America and the Caribbean region achieved an annual growth of 6 percent,
and is expected to grow 4.2 percent next year, United Nations' Economic
Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) announced on Monday.
Ukraine's president urges government to create bank of
development
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych urged the government to create the
national bank of development, presidential office said in a statement on Monday.
Airbus sees 3.2 trillion USD orders in whole world by 2029
European leading plane maker Airbus saw a market demand of nearly 26,000
passenger and cargo planes, worth a total value of 3.2 trillion U.S. dollars by
2029 as an expected boom in emerging markets' growth would boost demand, it said
on Monday.
Russian police detain 160 rioters in Moscow, St. Petersburg
Russian police officials confirmed Monday that they had detained 160 people in
Moscow and St. Petersburg involved in Saturday's riots.
Romanian Senate president suspended from party
Romanian Senate President Mircea Geoana was suspended for six months from the
Social Democratic Party, the party's National Standing Bureau announced Monday.
Wall Street gains on Senate tax vote, merger deals
U.S. stocks opened higher and gained in the early trading session as investors
expected the Senate will vote to extend tax cuts and several merger deals
boosted confidence in equities.
2nd LD Writethru: L. American economy grows 6 percent in 2010,
4.2 percent in 2011:  ECLAC
Latin America and the Caribbean region achieved an annual growth of 6 percent,
and is expected to grow 4.2 percent next year, United Nations' Economic
Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) announced on Monday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 13
Russia is ready to share responsibility in creating a joint missile defense
shield in Europe and to become a full member of this system, Russian Defense
Minister Anatoly Serdyukov said on Monday.
Russia to draft energy security doctrine
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev Monday ordered the government to draft an
energy security doctrine and a supplementary action plan, saying the work is
crucial to national energy security.
Georgia yet to decide on whether to sell North-South gas pipeline
to Azerbaijan
Georgia is yet to take its decision though Azerbaijan has made up its that its
state oil company SOCAR would like to buy out the Georgian section of the
Russia- Georgia-Armenia natural gas pipeline.
Russia, NATO may make soon progress in joint missile defense
progress
Russia and NATO were possible to make progress in creating the joint missile
defense shield in Europe within a month, Director of the NATO Information Center
in Moscow Robert Pszczel said here on Monday.
EU, Morocco boost bilateral ties
The European Union (EU) and Morocco have launched the negotiations on Morocco's
advanced status and signed three additional bilateral agreements, Belgian
Minister for Foreign Affairs Steven Vanackere said here Monday.
Man United edge past Arsenal to top English Premier League
Park Ji Sung's goal did not only give Manchester United a 1-0 win over archrival
Arsenal at the Old Strafford on Monday, but also pushed the Red Devils to the
top of the Premier League standings.
Valencia draws 3-3 with Osasuna
Valencia wasted a two-goal lead in the first half to allow Osasuna to draw 3-3
against them in Spanish first division soccer league on Monday.
River Plate beat Lanus in Argentina
River Plate on Monday beat Lanus 4-1 to climb to the 4th place in Argentina's
Apertura soccer tournament.
French Cup draw
Following is the draw for the French Cup round of 64, made on Monday:
English club Blackburn sack manager Allardyce
English Premier League club Blackburn Rovers on Monday fired manager Sam
Allardyce.
Europa League fixtures
Following are the Europa League fixtures on Wednesday and Thursday in the final
round of group phase matches:
Teenage swimmer Cai breaks Asian record to win first Asian Para
Games gold for China
Fifteen-year-old swimmer Cai Yuqingyan broke her own Asian record to win the
first gold medal for China in the women's S9 400m freestyle competition at the
inaugural Asian Para Games here on Monday.
Peter Senior becomes oldest man to win Australian PGA title
Australian golfer Peter Senior on Monday beat fellow Geoff Ogilvy to win his
third Australian PGA Championship title, 21 years after his first.
(China Sports) Asian Para Games champ set eyes on London
Paralympics
When 3-year-old Takuro Yamada was thrown into the water by his father, he was
thrilled and frightened. But now, the newly crowned Asian Para Games swimming
champ already can not tell which feels better, in the water or on land.
DPRK media says DPRK performs well in international tournaments
KCNA, the official news agency of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK), on Monday issued an article saying that the DPRK players got good
results in the international tournaments in the past year.
Tennis legend Navratilova discharged from Kenyan hospital
by John Kwoba
Guardiola looks ahead to "hardest game"
Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola praised his players for another five star
performance and then warned them that they must prepare themselves to face their
toughest test of the season when they play local rivals Espanyol next Saturday
night.
Mourinho angry as he loses key players through suspension
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho once again let his anger get the better of him
this Monday after watching his side defeat Zaragoza 3-1 away from home.
Sri Lanka picks veteran Jayasuriya in World Cup pool
Sri Lankan national cricket selectors here on Monday picked the veteran Sanath
Jayasuriya in a pool of 30 players for the Cricket World Cup 2011.
Henin still expects world No. 1
"I still feel fresh to do that again," answered the 2003, 2006 and 2007 WTA
world No. 1 Jestine Henin at a news conference in Beijing on Monday, when asked
if she still had the passion to become the world top tennis player again.
Craven louds "message-sending" opening ceremony of Asian Para
Games
The flame of the inaugural Asian Para Games was lit here on Sunday, and Philip
Craven, head of the world sports governing body for the disabled, was impressed
by the wonderful opening ceremony as well as the messages it sent.
MLB star Fielder promotes baseball in China
Major League Baseball (MLB) has brought Milwaukee Brewers star Prince Fielder to
teach young Beijing students how to play baseball.
Japan's Tachimoto sisters win golds in Grand Slam finale
Japan's Tachimoto judoka sisters were both crowned in the Grand Slam Tokyo
finale here on Monday.
England to play Denmark in February
England will play Denmark in a soccer friendly in February 2011, confirmed the
FA on Monday.
Spanish Athletic's chief refuses to resign in wake of doping
scandal
The President of the Spanish Athletics Federation (RFEA), Jose Maria Odriozola
said this Monday that he would not be resigning in the wake of the doping
scandal that has stained the image of Span's athletes.
Xavi defends Spanish football triumphs in wake of doping scandal
Spain international midfielder Xavi Hernandez this Monday defended the Spanish
football team in the wake of the fallout from the Operation Galgo doping
scandal.
Western China economy catching up with eastern China: official
Western China is quickly catching up with eastern China as the annual economic
growth rates of western China have surpassed eastern China during the past three
years, said officials with the National Development and Reform Commission on
Monday.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 13
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 13:
Fire kills 9, injures 2 in east China
Nine people died and two others were injured in a fire that ripped though a
residential apartment in Quzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province, local fire
brigade said Tuesday.
China's yuan strengthens to 6.6531 per USD Tuesday
The value of yuan strengthened slightly as the central parity rate of Renminbi,
China's currency, was set at 6.6531 per U.S. dollar Tuesday, compared with
Monday's 6.6630, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange
Trading System.
Chinese shares open higher Tuesday
Chinese shares opened slightly higher Tuesday, with the benchmark Shanghai
Composite Index up 0.18 percent, or 5.35 points, to 2,928.3 at the opening.
ChiNext Index opens higher Tuesday
ChiNext stocks rose 2.19 points, or 0.18 percent, to open at 1,211.46 points
Tuesday.
China stock index futures open higher Tuesday
China's stock index futures opened higher Tuesday. The contract for settlement
in December, the most actively traded, opened 10.2 points higher at 3,273.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 57 HK dollars to open at 12,945 HK dollars
per tael on Tuesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
East China officials caught scalping condos
More than 40 government officials in Taizhou city of East China's Zhejiang
province have been engaged in illegal property scalping for quick profits,
according to local discipline authorities.
Hong Kong stocks open higher -- Dec. 14
Hong Kong stocks moved up 133.79 points, or 0.57 percent, to open at 23,451.4 on
Tuesday.
China Economic News in Brief: Fujian foreign trade; Chongqing
FDI; Hunan retail sales
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
Five killed, one missing in southwest China's coal mine accident
Five people died and one is missing in a coal mine accident in southwest China's
Guizhou Province, sources with the local government said Tuesday.
Chinese shares close lower at midday Tuesday
China's stocks closed lower in the morning trading session Tuesday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 0.2 percent to 2,917.15.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.31 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 71.72 points, or 0.31 percent, to close Monday's
morning session at 23, 234.63 points.
23 injured when escalator in south China metro station suddenly
stops
Twenty-three people were injured Tuesday morning when an escalator at a metro
station in Shenzhen in south China's Guangdong Province came to a sudden halt.
China gears up economic transformation of coal-rich Shanxi
Province
China's top economic planning body said Monday it has approved the establishment
of a "pilot economic transformation zone" in north China's coal-rich Shanxi
Province to diversify the region's resource-based economy.
China economic news in brief: Australia become Shanxi's top
import source; PetroChina's  megaton oilfield, integrated gas
field
The following are some China economic news items in brief:
Cambodian PM arrives in China for official visit
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen arrived in Beijing Monday noon, kicking off a
five-day official visit to China.
Urgent: China's stocks end 2.88 pct higher Monday on economic
data
China's stocks rose 2.88 percent Monday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index ending at 2,922.95, as Saturday's economic data indicated a stable
economic growth.
China culture news in brief: Bronze drum discovered; Bronze
mirror exhibition; Rock  paintings found
The following are Chinese culture news items in brief:
China, India expect to sign series of trade deals amid Wen's
visit
China and India are expected to sign a series of economic and trade agreements
during Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao's visit to India, a Chinese trade official
confirmed at a press briefing Monday.
1st LD-Writethru-China Focus: China gears up economic
transformation of coal-rich  Shanxi Province
China's top economic planning body said Monday it has approved the establishment
of a "pilot economic transformation zone" in north China's coal-rich Shanxi
Province to diversify the region's resource-based economy.
1st Ld: China's stocks end 2.88 pct higher Monday on economic
data
China's stocks rose 2.88 percent Monday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index ending at 2,922.95, as Saturday's economic data indicated a stable
economic growth.
Shanghai stock indices close up -- Dec. 13
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,922.95 Monday, up 81.91 points, or 2.88 percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices close up -- Dec. 13
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange was up 3.57 percent,
or 444.56 points, to end at 12,905.02 points on Monday.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec. 13
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,261.06 points Monday, up 99.08 points, or 3.13
percent, from the previous close.
China to aid Pakistan post-disaster reconstruction: official
China will continue to support Pakistan's post-disaster reconstruction,
especially in agriculture and transport infrastructure, officials in Beijing
said Monday.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 13
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1,
added 3.64 percent, or 42.47 points, to close at 1,209.27 on Monday.
China stock index futures close up Monday
China's stock index futures closed up Monday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, was up 3.25 percent to close at 3,275.6.
Chinese vice premier leaves for China-U.S. JCCT meeting
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan left here Monday for the 21st meeting of the
China-U.S. Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT).
Taiwan stocks close up 0.2 pct -- Dec. 13
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Monday with the weighted index up 17.76
points, or 0.2 percent, to close at 8,736.59, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Hong Kong stocks close 0.67 pct higher -- Dec. 13
Hong Kong stocks closed up 154.7 points, or 0.67 percent, at 23,317.61 on
Monday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: China's stocks end 2.88 pct higher Monday on
rosy economic data
Chinese stocks rose 2.88 percent Monday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index ending at 2,922.95 after economic data released Saturday suggested stable
economic growth.
China has high expectations for Premier Wen's upcoming visit to
India
China voiced its high expectations for Premier Wen Jiabao's upcoming visit to
India Monday, saying the visit will be a "significant event" that boosts
bilateral relations.
Interview: China-Pakistan trade could exceed target: Pakistan
Ambassador
China and Pakistan could exceed their 2015 bilateral trade volume target of 15
billion US dollars with the soaring growth in bilateral trade, Pakistan's
Ambassador to China, Masood Khan, has told Xinhua.
China Exclusive: Darkened apartment buildings prove developers
hoarding to push up  prices
by Xinhua writer Yang Dingdu
China news in brief: Tibet's first expressway; underground lab
The following are highlights of China's  news reported Monday.
Roundup: HK stocks up 0.67 pct
Hong Kong stocks went up 0.67 percent on Monday as turnover kept shrinking.
China Exclusive: Poor Chinese parents set up "home ICU" to save
dying son
By Zheng Liang, Xu Xueyi, Xu Lingui
China Exclusive: Jesus to become neighbor with Confucius as Qufu
plans for church
by Xinhua writers Kong Xiaohan, Liu Baosen
China Focus: China eyes more farmers, workers working as public
servants
China is trying to have more workers and farmers and fewer university graduates
working as public servants because university graduates may have achieved
academically, but farmers and workers often have grass-roots life experience.
HK to establish finance resolution center
Hong Kong will set up an education council and a finance resolution center to
enhance education and protection for investors, said the government on Monday.
HK's industrial production up 5.4 pct in Q3
Hong Kong's industrial production index for manufacturing industries increased
5.4 percent in the third quarter from a year earlier, following a 2.2 percent
year- on-year increase in April-June period, said the Census and Statistics
Department of the city government on Monday.
Gold price closes unchanged in Hong Kong -- Dec. 13
The gold price in Hong Kong closed unchanged at 12,888 HK dollars per tael on
Monday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
21 banks sign SME financing guarantee scheme in HK
The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (HKMC) held a signing ceremony for
the SME Financing Guarantee Scheme on Monday, with a total of 21 banks
expressing their interest in joining the scheme.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index up 0.72 pct -- Dec. 13
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange gained
90.81 points, or 0.72 percent, to close Monday's trading at 12,751.82.
Cathay Pacific's passenger traffic up 8.7 pct in November
Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific Airways said Monday the combined Cathay Pacific and
Dragonair traffic figures for November showed an increase in the number of
passengers and amount of cargo and mail carried compared to the same month last
year.
CPC to deepen cooperation with Party of Regions of Ukraine
A senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) met here Monday with a
delegation from the Party of Regions of Ukraine, both vowing to enhance inter-
party communication and cooperation.
HK's construction output up 15.7 pct in Q3
Hong Kong's total gross value of construction works performed by main
contractors in the third quarter rose 15.7 percent from a year earlier to 28.7
billion HK dollars (3.69 billion US dollars), said the Census and Statistics
Department of the city government on Monday.
China Focus: A migrant worker's struggle for success
Hanging up the phone, He Zhanye, the owner of Shenzhen Xinrui Science &amp;
Technology Co., eagerly told his workers the factory had just won a 50,000-yuan
(7,496 U.S. dollars) contract.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 13
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 13:
Ford to start building new plant in east China next year
Ford Motor said Monday it will begin construction on a new plant in Nanchang
City, capital of east China's Jiangxi Province, next year.
Chinese annual welfare lottery sales hit 90 bln yuan
China's welfare lottery sales this year hit a record 90.4 billion yuan (13.5
billion U.S. dollars) as of Sunday, 19.4 percent more than last year, the
Welfare Lottery Distribution and Management Center said Monday.
Asia Para Games presents opportunity to create more caring
society: vice premier
China should take the on-going Asian Para Games as an opportunity to create a
more caring society, said the country's vice premier Monday while at the games.
China pledges to enhance bilateral ties, military links with
Israel
China and Israel should boost their bilateral relationship, as well as inter-
military links, said Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie here Monday.
Senior Party official on law-enforcement work
China's law enforcement departments earnestly carried out their duties to
resolve social contradictions this year and were fair in implementing the law,
senior Communist Party of China (CPC) official Zhou Yongkang said Monday.
China central bank highlights stable prices
The People's Bank of China, or the central bank, will make further efforts to
maintain prices stable after China's inflation rate hit a 28-month high,
according to reports on Monday.
Chinese gov't focuses on getting pay to migrant workers before
holidays
China's top human resources official on Monday ordered local government
departments to make sure migrant workers are paid on time before the upcoming
New Year holiday and Spring Festival.
Most gov't facilities in Hong Kong to be barrier-free by
mid-2012: official
A total of 3,306 government premises or facilities in Hong Kong will be
retrofitted before June 30 of 2012, to provide a barrier-free environment for
people with disabilities, Deputy Secretary for Labor and Welfare of the Hong
Kong government Roy Tang said on Monday.
Hong Kong proposes abolition of sex presumption
Hong Kong's Law Reform Commission has recommended the abolition of the common
law presumption that a boy under 14 is incapable of sexual intercourse, said a
report released by the Commission on Monday.
China, Cambodia agree to build comprehensive strategic
partnership
China and Cambodia on Monday agreed to establish a comprehensive strategic
partnership of cooperation and further strengthen bilateral cooperation.
North Chinese provinces embrace first snow of winter
The first snow of this winter fell on several northern Chinese provinces
beginning Sunday night, bringing some good news to drought-affected areas.
Xinhua Insight: Beijing solicits public opinion on traffic as
congestion worsens
Never has Beijing made such great efforts in trying to improve its traffic
conditions as the capital city witnesses the deteriorating flow of traffic, on
the one hand, and unprecedented car sales, on the other.
Interview: Vision fixed beyond century for tertiary education
While mapping out the development blueprint of Hong Kong Baptist University over
the next decade, Professor Albert Chan, new head of the institute, has his eyes
fixed beyond a century.
Macao hotels occupancy rate at 79 percent in october
Macao's hotel sector saw its average occupancy rate reach 79 percent in October
2010, with four-star hotels leading at 80.5 percent, according to the figures
released on Monday by the city's Statistics and Census Service ( DSEC).
Victim of mercury poisoning on trial in Beijing for damaging
Sprite' s  reputation
The victim of a mercury poisoning case in Nov., 2009 went on trial Monday for
damaging Sprite's reputation when he blamed the popular soft drink for the
poisoning, while knowing that his lover had injected mercury into his drink.
1st LD-Writethru-China Focus: China holds memorial ceremony,
Buddhist assembly to  commemorate Nanjing Massacre victims
About 5,000 Chinese and foreigners gathered Monday in Nanjing, capital of east
China's Jiangsu Province, to mourn hundreds of thousands of people who were
killed by invading Japanese troops 73 years ago.
Chinese legislature to further discuss amendment to Criminal Law
China's top legislature said Monday in a statement that it will continue
discussing a draft amendment to the Criminal Law, which proposes tougher
punishments for those involved in organized crime and drink-driving.
China Eximbank to push internationalization of Renminbi in next
five years
The Export-Import Bank of China (China Eximbank) said Monday it would push for a
more internationalized Renminbi over the next five years and enhance the role of
the Chinese currency in cross-border trade settlement.
Former Taiwan leader's wife sentenced to 17 years, 6 months in
jail
The Taiwan High Court sentenced Wu Shu-chen, wife of former Taiwan leader Chen
Shui-bian, to a combined jail term of 17 years and six months on Monday for
corruption.
China Economic News in Brief: travel permit, emissions trading,
energy forum
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
Top political advisor stresses socialist core value system
A top Chinese political advisor on Monday called it an "important political
task" to help non- communist party members learn and practice the country's
socialist core value system.
Fireworks explosion kills 2, injures 4 in east China
Two people were killed and four injured in a fireworks explosion at an illegal
fireworks workshop in east China's Shandong Province Monday afternoon, local
authorities said.
Company managers punished for gas blast in illegally operated
coal mine killing 26  in central China
Seven company executives were suspended from duty or removed Monday after 26
miners were killed in a gas explosion in an illegally operated coal mine on Dec.
7 in central China's Henan Province, according to the group's spokesman.
Saudi Airlines, Air France sign code-share deal
Saudi Airlines and Air France have signed a code-share agreement, which will
allow the two national carriers to make free sales of seats to their passengers,
local Arab News newspaper reported.
Urgent: Iran not to change nuclear policy after replacing FM:
spokesman
The nuclear policies of Iran would not change after replacing the former Foreign
Minister Manouchehr Mottaki, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast  said
Tuesday.
1st LD: Iran not to change nuclear policy after replacing FM:
spokesman
The nuclear policies of Iran would not change after the replacement of former
Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin
Mehmanparast said Tuesday.
2nd LD: Iran not to change nuclear policy after replacing FM:
spokesman
The nuclear policies of Iran would not change after the replacement of former
Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin
Mehmanparast said Tuesday.
Abbas meets U.S. peace envoy
A meeting between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and U.S. Middle East envoy
George Mitchell has started in the West Bank city of Ramallah.
Two Palestinian workers injured in Israeli shooting
Israeli fire wounded two Palestinian workers Tuesday in northern Gaza Strip,
medical sources said.
Syrian survives after getting stabbed 25 times
A Syrian young man has miraculously survived after he got stabbed 25 times on
Tuesday in Hama, 209 km north of the capital Damascus, Syria Now News website
reported.
One killed, 12 wounded in western Turkey blast
One person was killed and 12 others wounded in a gas blast in western Turkey
Tuesday, the semi- official Anatolia news agency reported.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,373 points on
Tuesday, increasing by seven points from Monday's finish.
U.S. Mideast peace envoy says to continue peace efforts despite
difficulties
U.S. Middle East peace envoy George Mitchell said Tuesday that his country would
continue efforts to revive the Israeli-Palestinian peace talks despite
difficulties.
Iran's new foreign minister to accompany Ahmadinejad to Turkey
for ECO summit
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and the newly-appointed Iran's Foreign
Ministry caretaker Ali- Akbar Salehi will visit Turkey next week for the
Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO) summit, the semi-official Mehr news
agency reported on Tuesday.
Crew of Italian ship sinks in Egypt's Alexandria rescued
The crew member of an Italian cargo ship that sank off Egypt's Mediterranean
port of Alexandria on Sunday have all been rescued, Egypt's official MENA news
agency reported Tuesday.
Egypt's stock exchange indices end with mixed changes
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,996.34 points on Tuesday, up
0.84 percent from previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index, ended
0.55 percent lower at 749.11 points.
Urgent: 20 wounded in explosion at Shiite pilgrims in Iraq's
Diyala
At least 20 people were wounded in an explosion targeting Shiite pilgrims in
Iraq's eastern province of Diyala on Tuesday, a provincial police source said.
Urgent: Two killed, 22 wounded in explosion at Shiite pilgrims in
Iraq's Diyala
Two people were killed and up to 22 others were wounded in an explosion at a
Shiite pilgrims gathering in a town in Iraq's eastern province of Diyala on
Tuesday, a provincial police source said.
1st LD: Two killed, 22 wounded in explosion at Shiite pilgrims in
Iraq's Diyala
Two people were killed and up to 22 others were wounded in an explosion at a
Shiite pilgrims gathering in a town in Iraq's eastern province of Diyala on
Tuesday, a provincial police source said.
Hamas says on 23rd anniversary not to recognize Israel
Islamic Hamas movement on Tuesday reaffirmed on its 23rd anniversary that it
will not recognize Israel and will protect the Palestinian principles.
Damascus-based Hamas official says inter-Palestinian talks to be
held soon
A senior official of the Damascus- based Islamic Hamas movement said Tuesday
that his organization would hold a new round of talks with the Fatah party by
the end of December, local Syrian News website reported.
NATO members, Eurasian countries hold joint exercise in Turkey
A total of 19 NATO member states and Eurasian countries are holding a joint
command exercise in Turkey, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported
Tuesday.
Urgent: Baghdad bombing targeting Shiites kills three, wounds 18
At least three people were killed and 18 others wounded in Baghdad late Tuesday
when a roadside bomb exploded at a Shiite pilgrims gathering, the local police
source told Xinhua.
1st LD: Baghdad bombing targeting Shiites kills three, wounds 18
At least three people were killed and 18 others were wounded in Baghdad late
Tuesday when a roadside bomb exploded at a Shiite pilgrims gathering, a local
police source told Xinhua.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,073.18 points on
Tuesday, up 2.51 points from Monday's close.
Turkey sees net international direct investment drops 18 pct in
first 10 months
Net international direct investment inflow in Turkey recorded a 17.9 percent
year-on-year decrease in the first 10 months of this year to 5.88 billion U.S.
dollars, official statistics showed Tuesday.
U.S. offers to review Israeli-Palestinian negotiations: official
The United States has suggested to discuss with Israel and the Palestinians
their positions over final-status issues that obstruct the peace process, a
Palestinian official said Tuesday.
Yemen to hold parliament elections in April 2011, disregards
opposition boycott
Yemen's ruling party confirmed Tuesday to hold delayed parliamentary elections
in April 2011 despite of opposition's boycott, according to a statement posted
on the party's website.
Syria allows foreigners to purchase real estates
Syrian Ministers Council ratified Tuesday a law that allows foreigners to
possess real estates in Syria, the official SANA news agency reported.
Saudi, Qatar stock markets rally
Stock markets in Qatar and Saudi Arabia extended their year-end rallies as the
Qatar market QE in Doha added 0.85 percent to reach 8,816.38 points.
Roundup: Israeli PM expresses willingness to discuss core issues
of Mideast conflict
By Gur Salomon
Jordan's budget deficit narrows in first ten months
Jordan's budget deficit deducting foreign aids dropped to 657 million Jordanian
dinars (about 788 million U.S. dollars) during the first ten months of 2010
compared to 890 million dinars (1.26 billion dollars) during the same period
last year, according to official figures.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 14
The nuclear policies of Iran would not change after the replacement of former
Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin
Mehmanparast said Tuesday.
Sudan not to plunge into security tension at referendum: vice-
president
Sudanese Vice-President Ali Osman Mohamed Taha on Tuesday said his country would
not plunge into security tension and disorder when south Sudan referendum was
held on Jan. 9, 2011.
New Zealand not filing as party to whaling legal action
The New Zealand government has decided not to file as a party to Australia's
legal action in the International Court of Justice against Japanese whaling in
the Southern Ocean, Foreign Minister Murray McCully announced on Wednesday.
Stocks open slightly higher in Tokyo
Japanese stocks opened slightly higher Wednesday, boosted by a softer yen
against the dollar and overnight gains on Wall Street.
Dollar trades in upper 83 yen range in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the upper 83 yen range early Wednesday in Tokyo,
slightly higher than its levels overnight in New York.
Gunmen release abducted school principal in southern Philippines
A school principal who was kidnapped by gunmen in southern Philippines last
month was freed late Tuesday, local authorities said Wednesday.
Almost 700 drunk, drugged drivers caught in pre-Christmas
crackdown
Police arrested and charged close to 700 motorists during a major pre-Christmas
blitz on drink and drug driving across New South Wales (NSW) state in Australia,
police said on Wednesday.
S. Korea reports FMD cases outside of North Gyeongsang Province
Additional cases of foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) have been confirmed in a region
outside of North Gyeongsang Province where the first outbreak of the disease was
reported last month, according to the Ministry of Agriculture on Wednesday.
Japanese major manufacturers' sentiment deteriorates for 1st time
in 7 quarters: central bank
Business confidence among Japan's largest manufacturers worsened during the
three months through December from the previous quarter, the Bank of Japan (BOJ)
said in a report on Wednesday.
URGENT: Boat carrying 70 asylum seekers crashed into cliffs
A boat carrying 70 asylum seekers crashed into cliffs at Christmas Island of
Australia early Wednesday, The West Australian report.
URGENT: Boat carrying 70 asylum seekers crashes into cliffs
A boat carrying 70 asylum seekers crashed into cliffs at Christmas Island of
Australia early Wednesday, The West Australian report.
1st LD: Boat carrying 70 asylum seekers crashes into Australian
cliffs
A boat carrying 70 asylum seekers crashed into cliffs at Christmas Island of
Australia early Wednesday, The West Australian reported.
Singapore mergers, acquisitions specialists upbeat on outlook
Companies here have gone on a shopping spree for acquisition targets this year,
despite the higher price tags. This uptick in mergers and acquisitions (M&amp;A)
activities is expected to continue into next year.
Australian Federal Police confirms suspected asylum seeker boat
involved in accident
Australian Federal Police (AFP) have confirmed a suspected asylum seeker boat
has been involved in an accident off Christmas Island early on Wednesday.
Nepali gov't to tighten customs declaration
Nepali government is soon tightening existing poor customs declaration practices
and forcing importers to declare the details, including the brand names, of the
goods they are importing in the country.
Singapore's unemployment rate falls in Q3
Singapore's seasonally adjusted overall unemployment rate fell slightly to 2.1
percent in the third quarter this year from the previous quarter's 2.2 percent,
official data showed on Wednesday.
Nepal to lift ban on gold import soon
The Nepali Ministry of Commerce and Supplies (MoCS) is preparing to lift a more
than three months long ban on imports of gold and silver within a week,
Republica reported on Wednesday.
28 drown as vehicle plunges into lake in southern India
At least 28 people, including 24 women and four children, drowned when the
vehicle they were traveling skidded off the road and plunged into a lake in the
southern Indian city of Mysore Tuesday evening, reported Press Trust of India
Wednesday.
Australian credit growth hurt by global financial crisis: RBA
The global financial crisis has slowed credit growth in Australia, a central
bank official said on Wednesday.
Australian FM announces aid for Palestinians
Australia will provide 18 million U.S. dollars over three years to improve
health, education and housing for Palestinian refugees, Australian Foreign
Minister Kevin Rudd announced on Wednesday.
Dollar rises in upper 83 yen range in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar rose in the upper 83 yen zone Wednesday morning in Tokyo.
Roundup: Dozens feared dead in asylum seeker boat crash in
Australia
by Vienna Ma
Australian consumer confidence improves slightly: survey
Australian consumer sentiment has been surprisingly resilient despite a November
interest rate rise, a survey showed on Wednesday.
Indian stocks open lower
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,791.22 points Wednesday 8.62 points
lower from previous close of 19,799.19.
Bali lawmaker proposes standardized prices for tourism services
A Bali lawmaker called on the administration in the resort island to standardize
the prices of tourism services across the island in a bid to boost visitor
satisfaction, local media reported Tuesday.
Urgent: Indian military chopper crashes in Indian-controlled
Kashmir, 8 injured
An Indian Air Force chopper crashed Tuesday in Indian-controlled Kashmir,
injuring eight on board, said official sources.
Indonesian police arrest 4 terrorist suspects
Indonesian anti-terror police Tuesday confirmed another four alleged terrorists
had been arrested over the weekend following the capture of Mustafa, also known
as Abu Tholut, the most wanted terror suspect on Friday, local media reported.
Mines, farms to drive Australia's economic growth in 2011: report
Australia's economy is expected to remain one of the fastest growing among
developed nations in 2010-11, driven by farm and mine production, a latest
report said on Tuesday.
Feature: Kelantan wau: flying creatures made to impress
Above the seemingly borderless paddy fields here, a city in Kelantan, the
northern state in the east coast of Peninsula Malaysia, kites resembling birds,
peacocks and moon are humming to each other.
20 militants killed in N. Afghanistan
A cleanup operation against Taliban militants outside Pul-e-Khumri, the
provincial capital of northern Baghlan province, has left at least 20 Taliban
insurgents dead and many others injured, a senior army officer in the province
said Tuesday.
S. Korea confirms two additional cases of NDM-1
South Korea on Tuesday confirmed two additional cases of NDM-1, raising the
total number of cases to four.
Australia's business conditions remain soft, confidence down:
survey
Australia's business conditions in November remained soft and confidence dipped
for the third consecutive month, according to the National Australia Bank (NAB)
monthly business survey released on Tuesday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 14
Rescuers were unable to find any more survivors from the South Korean trawler
that sank off Antarctica, Maritime New Zealand said on Tuesday.
3 custodians of Pakistani shrine shot dead
Unidentified gunmen shot dead three custodians of a shrine in the outskirts of
the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar on Tuesday, local TV channels
reported.
1st LD Writethru: Indian Air Force helicopter crashes in Indian-
controlled Kashmir
An Indian Air Force MI 26 helicopter Tuesday crashed in Indian-controlled
Kashmir, injuring at least eight defense personnel on board, said official
sources.
Indian PM asks for report on phone tap leaks over telecom scam
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Tuesday sought a report from the country's
top bureaucrat on phone tap leaks which has triggered a bit of panic among
corporate houses in this country, saying that phone tapping should be exercised
with utmost care.
ADB gives financial assistance to boost reforms in Indonesia
JAKARTA, Dec. 14 (Xinhua) - Asian Development Bank (ADB) provides 200 million
U.S. dollar funds to help Indonesia boost ongoing reform and implement
development agenda, Bisnis.com reported here Tuesday.
Urgent: Indian inflation falls to 7.48 pct in Nov.
Indian headline inflation in November further declined to 7.48 percent from 8.58
percent in the previous month, said a press release Tuesday issued by the
Ministry of Commerce and Industry.
Japan's industrial production downwardly revised in October
Industrial production in Japan declined more than previously expected in
October, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said in a report on
Tuesday.
1st LD Writethru: Indian inflation falls to 7.48 pct in November
Indian headline inflation in November further declined to 7.48 percent year on
year from 8.58 percent in the previous month, according to the Ministry of
Commerce and Industry on Tuesday.
Bomb attack injures 3 in NW Pakistan
A roadside bomb injured a woman and two others in the northwestern Pakistani
city of Peshawar on Tuesday, witnesses and hospital sources said.
2nd LD Writethru: Indian inflation falls to 7.48 pct in November
Indian headline inflation in November further declined to 7.48 percent year on
year from 8.58 percent in the previous month, according to the Ministry of
Commerce and Industry on Tuesday.
Pakistani president condoles death of U.S. special envoy
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari condoled the death of U.S. envoy Richard
Holbrooke, describing him as a friend of Pakistan and a personal friend of his
slain wife Benazir Bhutto and himself, the president office said Tuesday.
Nikkei closes 0.22 pct higher
Tokyo stocks closed higher Tuesday with the key Nikkei index up 0.22 percent.
India to induct new Russia-made MI-17 helicopters
India will start inducting first Russia-made MI-17-V5 helicopters in March 2011,
local media reported Tuesday.
Urgent: Blast at market injures 9 in NW Pakistan
At least nine people were injured Tuesday when an explosion went off in a CD
center at a market in Kohat, a city in northwest Pakistan, local sources said.
1st LD: Market blast injures 9 in NW Pakistan
At least nine people were injured when a bomb went off Tuesday in a downtown
market in Kohat city in northwest Pakistan, local sources said.
Arrest warrant issued against former Nepali Crown Prince
An arrest warrant was issued Tuesday against former Crown Prince Paras Shah on
attempted murder charge.
Japan sets defense budget at 281 bln USD for fiscal 2011-15
Japanese Finance Minister Yoshihiko Noda and Defense Minister Toshimi Kitazawa
agreed Tuesday to set at 23.49 trillion yen (281.48 billion U.S. dollars) the
total budget for the next midterm defense buildup program during the fiscal
2011-15 period.
Australian dollar ends higher
The Australian dollar ended higher on Tuesday, closing in again on parity with
the U.S. dollar, after gaining one U.S. cent overnight due to weakness in the
American currency.
Nepali former crown prince detained for attempted murder
Nepal's former crown prince Paras Shah was detained Tuesday at a resort after an
arrest warrant was issued against him for attempted murder.
S. Korean economy to grow 5 pct next year: finance ministry
The South Korean economy will likely post a 5 percent growth next year on the
back of global market and domestic demand recovery, the government said Tuesday.
Pakistani PM sacks two ministers
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani Tuesday removed two federal
ministers who leveled allegations of corruption against each other, the PM
office said.
Malaysian opposition leader recommended for suspension as MP
The Rights and Privileges Committee (RPC) of the Malaysian Parliament
recommended Tuesday that Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim be suspended
as a member of parliament (MP).
(Roundup) S. Korea's KOSPI recovers 2,000-level in 3 years
Seoul shares closed higher Tuesday, soaring above the 2,000-point for the first
time in three years on the back of strong foreign buying, local analysts said.
Fire breaks out at Bangladesh garment factory
A fire broke out at a garment factory located in a mega industrial belt in
Bangladesh's Ashulia on the outskirts of capital Dhaka Tuesday afternoon.
Roundup: Nikkei rises to fresh 7-month high on tax cut plan,
China data
Tokyo stocks extended gains Tuesday with the key Nikkei stock index closing up
0.22 percent at a fresh 7-month high as robust Chinese economic data brightened
the market mood and speculation about tax cuts provided further support.
Pakistani president summons parliament for Chinese premier
address
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari summoned a special parliament session to
meet in Islamabad on Dec. 19 for an address of Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao,
officials said Tuesday.
Dollar at lower 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 83 yen level Tuesday in Tokyo.
Manila plans to reach peace pact with leftist rebels within 3
years
The Philippine government intends to forge a final peace agreement with the
communist National Democratic Front (NDF) within three years, a senior official
said on Tuesday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 14
Indian headline inflation in November further declined to 7.48 percent year on
year from 8.58 percent in the previous month, according to the Ministry of
Commerce and Industry on Tuesday.
Helicopter plunges to ground in Malaysia, killing one
A helicopter plunged to the ground in a small town here in Perak, a northern
state in the west coast of Peninsula Malaysia, killing one on board.
Urgent: U.S. drone attack kills 3 in NW Pakistan
At least three people were killed Tuesday when a U.S. drone fired two missiles
into northwest Pakistan's North Waziristan tribal region, local sources said.
Singapore shares end 0.17 pct lower
The shares prices in Singapore fell 5.41 points or 0.17 percent on Tuesday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,176.91 points.
Cambodia calls for more attention to fight against HIV/AIDS
Cambodia on Tuesday called for more efforts and participation to fight against
HIV/AIDS.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. drone attack kills 3 in NW Pakistan
At least three people were killed Tuesday when a U.S. drone targeted northwest
Pakistan' s North Waziristan tribal region, local sources said.
Urgent: Garment factory fire kills at least 5 in Bangladesh
At least 5 workers, including a woman, were killed and many others injured as a
garment factory caught fire on the outskirts of the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka on
Tuesday afternoon, an official said.
1st LD Writethru: Bangladeshi factory fire kills at least 5
At least five workers, including one woman, were killed and many more injured at
a devastating garment factory fire in a mega industrial belt in Bangladesh's
Ashulia on the outskirts of capital Dhaka Tuesday afternoon, an official said.
Indian stocks close up 0.55 pct
MUMBAI, Dec. 14 (Xinhua) -The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 107.41 points
or 0.55 percent Tuesday on lower inflation in November.
Interview: Osaka attractive for foreign firms -- business
official
Osaka, with its advantage of environment and energy industries, will actively
introduce domestic and foreign companies and research institutions, including
Chinese companies, said Yasuhiro Kawabata, manager for Business Development of
Osaka Mayor's Office at an interview with Xinhua on Tuesday.
Thailand to raise salaries for lawmakers, government officials
Thailand's cabinet agreed Tuesday to raise salaries of lawmakers by 14 percent
and those of government officials by five percent next year.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 14
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,927.08 Tuesday, up 4.12 points, or 0.14 percent, from the previous close.
2nd LD Writethru: At least 7 killed in Bangladesh garment factory
fire
At least 7 people have been killed and dozens of injured in a fire at a garment
factory in Bangladesh ' s Ashulia on the outskirts of capital Dhaka Tuesday
afternoon, officials said.
Australia's population to hit 28 million by 2031: report
Australia's population is expected to exceed 28 million by 2031, latest figures
showed on Tuesday.
Denmark supports Mekong countries in addressing environmental,
climate issues
Denmark offered a grant of 10 million Danish Kroner (about 1.9 million U.S.
dollars) recently to Mekong river countries to strengthen their work on
environmental protection and adaptation to climate risks, said a statement
released by Mekong River Commission (MRC) on Tuesday
Roundup: Fight continues over royalties of Australia's mining tax
By Vienna Ma
IED blast kills NATO soldier in S. Afghanistan
A soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) was
killed Tuesday in an Improvised Explosive Device (IED) strike in Afghanistan's
restive southern region, the military alliance said.
Bangladesh factory fire kills at least 16, injures dozens
At least 16 people were killed and dozens injured in a devastating fire in
Bangladesh's Ashulia on the outskirts of capital Dhaka Tuesday afternoon,
officials said.
Gun battle leaves 5 dead in S. Afghanistan
Gun battle between security forces and Taliban militants left two Afghan
soldiers and three insurgents dead in southern Zabul province, Mohammad Jan
Rasoulyar, spokesman for provincial administration, said Tuesday.
Sri Lanka may record 7 percent-plus growth: IMF
Sri Lanka's economic growth is possible to be more than 7.5 percent in 2010,
said a statement released by the International Monetary Fund(IMF) on Tuesday.
Australian geologist accuses "pseudo scientists" of hurting
climate fight
An Australian earth scientist on Tuesday accused those "pseudo scientists" who
deny the existence of man-made global warming, saying they were setting back by
20 years worldwide efforts to tackle climate change.
S. Korea's Army chief resigns over alleged illicit property
purchase
South Korea's Army Chief of Staff Hwang Ui-don on Tuesday stepped down following
a controversy over alleged illicit property purchase he made in 2002.
Roundup: Bangladesh garment factory fire kills at least 20,
injures dozens
At least 20 people were killed and another dozens were injured in a devastating
garment factory fire in Bangladesh's Ashulia on the outskirts of capital Dhaka
Tuesday afternoon, officials said.
Sri Lanka offers tax cuts for car imports
In a move to invigorate economic growth in post-conflict Sri Lanka, further tax
cuts have been allowed for car imports, officials said Tuesday.
Security threats worry Chinese-Filipino traders in S. Philippines
Chinese- Filipino traders in the southern Philippines on Tuesday expressed fear
for their safety amid possible new security threats there.
Tagore's Gitanjali to inspire Bengali nation: Bangladeshi
president
Bangladeshi President Zillur Rahman said here Tuesday the Gitanjali publication,
collection of poems by Nobel Laureate poet Rabindranath Tagore, will inspire the
Bengali nation afresh, private news agency UNB reported.
Sri Lanka tourist arrivals top 600,000
Sri Lanka's tourist arrival figure for the year has exceeded 600,000, officials
said Tuesday.
7 wounded in grenade attack in Indian-controlled Kashmir
At least seven people, including two paramilitary troopers of India' s Central
Reserve Police Force (CRPF), were wounded Tuesday when suspected militants
hurled a grenade in Indian-controlled Kashmir, police said.
Roundup: Foreigners lift Pakistan KSE to new 30-month top
After two days of selling spree, foreign investors hugely favored bulls at
Pakistan's Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) on Tuesday to propel its main index to a
new 30- month peak.
Indian airlines urged to reduce fare within week
Indian Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel Tuesday warned private airlines to
cut fares within a week or face action from the Directorate General of Civil
Aviation (DGCA).
Indian Muslim representative body files petition to apex court
over disputed holy land
The all India Muslim representative body Sunni Central Waqf Board Tuesday filed
a petition in the Supreme Court challenging the recent Allahabad High Court
judgment in the Babri Masjid title suit.
260 Cambodians killed by Mine accidents in 11 months this year
Mine/ERW (Explosive Remnants of War) killed 260 Cambodian people in the first
eleven months this year, up 20 percent compared to the same period of last
year's 217 casualties, according to the report from the Cambodian Mine/ERW
Victim Information System obtained on Tuesday.
ZTE to launch first smartphone by Chinese maker in Japan
ZTE Corporation, a leading global provider of telecommunications equipment and
network solutions based in Shenzhen in southern China, and SoftBank, Japan's
major telecommunications operator, announced Tuesday that their jointly-
developed smartphone, Libero, will hit the Japanese market later in December.
Bangladeshi gov't forms committee to investigate fire accident
The Bangladeshi government has formed a five-member probe committee to
investigate the reason of a devastating garment factory fire in Bangladesh's
Ashulia on the outskirts of capital Dhaka Tuesday afternoon, home minister said.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 14
At least three people were killed Tuesday when a U.S. drone targeted northwest
Pakistan' s North Waziristan tribal region, local sources said.
Ouattara's camp says to occupy Cote d'Ivoire gov't offices in
three days
Cote d'Ivoire's Alassane Ouattara, who claims to have won the Nov. 28
presidential run-off, wants his team to start occupying government offices as
from Thursday, according to his hand picked prime minister Guillaume Soro.
Cote d'Ivoire's presidential and PM's offices under tightened
security
Cote d'Ivoire's presidential palace and the prime minister's office, both
situated in the economic capital Abidjan, were on Monday placed under tightened
security after reports that Alassane Ouattara's team was planning the takeover
towards the weekend.
Mauritian government to promote young entrepreneurs
Mauritian government is to promote entrepreneurship among the youth as the
Ministry of Youth and Sport and Ministry of Education and Human Resources have
decided to join hands in the action, local media reported on Tuesday.
Central African Republic distributes electoral materials to
provinces
The president of the Central African Republic's Independent Electoral Commission
(CEI), Joseph Binguimale, on Monday launched the distribution of electoral
materials from the capital Bangui to other provinces in preparation for the Jan.
23, 2011 elections.
South Africa slightly eases forex controls
The South African treasury has further eased foreign exchange controls, the
Business Day newspaper in Johannesburg reported on Tuesday.
Botswana president slams SI for intervention in internal affairs
over diamond
Botswana President Ian Khama slammed Survival International (SI) as a misguided
organization that wants to "see all the country's socio-economic benefits
derived from diamonds reversed," the official media reported on Tuesday.
Gambia intercepts 29 illegal migrants
The Gambian Immigration Department said on Tuesday it had intercepted at least
29 illegal migrants on their way to Europe, including 28 Gambians and one
Malian.
Greek ship escapes pirate attack northeast of Oman
A Greek-owned ship escaped attack from Somali pirates last week, approximately
500 nautical miles North East of Salalah, Oman, the EU anti-piracy mission said
on Tuesday.
Int'l community in bid to restart inter-Madagascan talks
The envoy of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), Leonard Simao,
held talks with several Madagascan personalities on Monday in a bid to restart
the process to end the protracted political crisis in the Indian Ocean island
country.
South Africa, Angola sign cooperation agreements
South African President Jacob Zuma and visiting Angolan President Jose Eduardo
dos Santos signed five bilateral agreements in Pretoria on Tuesday.
Russian stocks close higher
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed on Tuesday with both key indexes
higher.
U.S. officials express confidence as healthcare reform challenged
by court
Senior U.S. officials on Tuesday expressed the Obama administration's confidence
in the healthcare insurance reform's prospects in surviving legal challenges, as
a federal court ruled on Monday that the individual health coverage requirement
of Obama's healthcare reform law is unconstitutional.
Russia, Mongolia agree to form uranium joint venture
Russia and Mongolia have agreed the conditions on building a joint uranium
mining company, said a communique inked on Tuesday by Russian Prime Minister
Vladimir Putin and his visiting Mongolian counterpart Sukhbaatar Batbold.
Georgia to incur less foreign debt in 2011, says expert
The South Caucasus country of Georgia may incur less foreign debt next year
thanks to a more balanced state budget which is to pass the country's parliament
later this month.
Cyprus parliament passes tax-raising package
The Cyprus parliament passed on Tuesday a tax-raising package that has drawn
strong criticism from both the trade unions and opposition parties.
2nd Ld: WikiLeaks founder granted bail
The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, was granted bail for 240,000 pounds
(about 360,000 U.S. dollars) in a London court on Tuesday ahead of a full
extradition hearing on Jan. 11.
UN Security Council extends terms of judges on international
criminal tribunals
The UN Security Council on Tuesday extended the terms of judges serving on the
UN tribunals charged with trying the alleged perpetrators of atrocities
committed in the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda in the 1990s.
Stronger retail sales push U.S. stocks higher
The U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday as retail data rose for the fifth straight
month, adding to evidence that the recovery was gaining momentum in the fourth
quarter.
UN Security Council welcomes renewal of peacebuilding office in
Central African Republic
The UN Security Council on Tuesday expressed approval of the renewal of the UN
Integrated Peacebuilding Office in the Central African Republic (BINUCA) for a
year.
Indonesian president calls on people to support football team
Indonesian  President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Tuesday called on the
Indonesian people to give support to the national football team "Garuda" in
their match against the Philippines on Thursday, Antara news wire reported.
"The King's Speech" earns seven nominations for Golden Globe
Awards
"The King's Speech," a historical drama about a British king with a stammer,
beat other competitors on Tuesday to grab seven nominations for the 2011 Golden
Globe Awards.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Tuesday with the leading FTSE 100 index
up 30.46 points, or 0.52 percent, at 5,891.21 points.
Greece gripped by new protests over draft bill on labor market
reform
ATHENS, Dec. 14 (Xinhua)-- Greece was gripped once again by a wave of protests
on Tuesday over a draft bill on the labor market reform due to be ratified by
the Greek parliament later this evening.
U.S. Treasury unveils new Lucky Money products for Chinese Lunar
New Year
In celebration of the upcoming Chinese Lunar New Year, the U.S. Treasury
Department on Tuesday unveiled two new Lucky Money products, "Year of the
Rabbit" and " Lucky Lion."
UN chief sees late U.S. diplomat as "giant and legend in his
time"
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon has sent a letter of sympathy to the family of
the late Richard Holbrooke, the senior U.S. diplomat who passed away on Monday,
saying the former U.S. ambassador to the UN "was a giant and a legend in his
time," a UN statement said here on Tuesday.
UN Security Council voices concern over "slow pace of progress"
in Cyprus reunification talks
The UN Security Council on Tuesday voiced its concern in a new resolution over
the "slow pace of progress" in peace talks on Cyprus, and called on Greek and
Turkish Cypriot leaders to "increase the momentum" toward reunification.
Israel settlement activity "serious setback" to peace process: UN
Mideast envoy
The UN envoy to the Middle East on Tuesday expressed concern over serious
setbacks in the Middle East peace process, in light of Israel's failure to
extend a freeze on settlement activity in the occupied Palestinian territory.
U.S. wholesale prices rise 0.8 percent in November
U.S. wholesale prices rose by a modest pace of 0.8 percent in November, the
fifth straight month increase and the biggest rise in eight months, the Labor
Department reported on Tuesday.
U.S. business inventories rise 0.7 percent in October
Inventories held by U.S. businesses on shelves and backlots increased 0.7
percent in October, the tenth consecutive monthly gain, the Commerce Department
reported on Tuesday.
U.S. retail sales post fifth straight monthly gain in November
U.S. combined retail and food sales rose 0.8 percent to seasonally adjusted
378.7 billion U.S. dollars in November from October, the fifth consecutive
monthly rally, the U.S. Department of Commerce reported on Tuesday.
1st Ld-Writethru: UN Security Council voices concern over "slow
pace of progress" in Cyprus reunification talks
The UN Security Council on Tuesday voiced its concern in a new resolution over
the "slow pace of progress" in peace talks on Cyprus, and called on Greek and
Turkish Cypriot leaders to "increase the momentum" toward reunification.
Urgent: Gold price picks up as dollar dips
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange inched up
Tuesday, paring earlier gains, as investors expected the U.S. Federal Reserve to
keep borrowing costs low, boosting the appeal of the bullion as a store of
value.
Urgent: U.S. Fed maintains program to buy government bonds
The U.S. Federal Reserve announced on Tuesday it would maintain the pace of its
600-billion- dollar Treasury bond-buying program in order to strengthen the
economic recovery and tackle the high unemployment challenge.
Dokic wins first group match at Australian Open golf
Former world number four Jelena Dokic of Australia on Tuesday won her first
group match at the opening round-robin matches at the Australian Open playoffs
in Melbourne.
1st Ld: U.S. Fed maintains program to buy government bonds
The U.S. Federal Reserve announced on Tuesday it would maintain the pace of its
600-billion- dollar Treasury bond-buying program in order to strengthen the
economic recovery and tackle the high unemployment challenge.
UN chief calls for generous donations to Central Emergency
Response Fund
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Tuesday called for generous donations to
the Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) in order to strengthen the world
body's ability to efficiently and effectively respond to disasters and save
lives across the world.
2nd Ld-Writethru: U.S. Fed maintains program to buy government
bonds
The U.S. Federal Reserve announced on Tuesday it would maintain the pace of its
600-billion- dollar Treasury bond-buying program in order to strengthen the
economic recovery and tackle the high unemployment challenge.
Urgent: Oil falls on Fed economy statement
Crude prices turned lower Tuesday after the U.S. Fed said the economic recovery
was too slow, with light, sweet crude for January delivery slipping 33 cents to
88.28 U.S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile.
EU appoints two managing directors for external action service
European Union (EU) foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton on Tuesday appointed
two new managing directors for the bloc's external action service.
U.S. mayor found dead in his home
Tim Davlin, mayor of Springfield, capital city of the U.S. state of Illinois,
was found dead in his home on Tuesday morning, and the cause of his death is
still under investigation, local media reported.
China, U.S. start trade talks in Washington
China and the United States on Tuesday kicked off their annual trade talks in
Washington D.C..
EP endorses new rules on residence rights for refugees
Refugees and other beneficiaries of international protection will be entitled to
acquire long-term resident status in the European Union (EU), the European
Parliament announced on Tuesday.
EU studies ways to improve disaster response
The European Union (EU) is examining the way to set up a European disaster
response mechanism to tackle these threats more effectively in its member
states, the EU General Affairs Council said here Tuesday.
Backgrounder: China-U.S. Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade
China and the United States on Tuesday started their annual high-level trade
talks to address trade issues of mutual concern.
Nineteen children injured in bus-train collision in France
Nineteen children were injured on Tuesday after their school bus collided with a
medium-route passenger train in central eastern France, local media reported.
Crude prices fall as Fed says recovery "too slow"
Crude prices fell on Tuesday as the Federal Reserve said the U.S. economy
recovery was too slow to bring down unemployment.
U.S. Justice Department to appeal healthcare ruling
The U.S. Justice Department said on Tuesday that it intends to appeal a federal
court's ruling against a key part of the Obama administration's healthcare law.
NYC sues Washington tobacco company for illegal sales
The Bloomberg administration announced on Tuesday a lawsuit against a tobacco
company in Washington State for illegally selling and distributing untaxed
cigarettes in New York.
1st LD: Gold picks up as dollar dips
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange inched up
Tuesday, paring earlier gains, as investors expected U.S. Federal Reserve to
keep borrowing costs low, boosting the appeal of the bullion as a store of
value.
Roma's win over Milan to set up interesting campaign, says
Ranieri
Roma would embark on a "truly interesting campaign" if they beat Serie A leaders
AC Milan on Saturday, Roma coach Claudio Ranieri said on Tuesday.
Man takes hostages in school board meeting in Florida: report
A man carrying a pistol on Tuesday took hostages at a school board meeting in
Florida's Panama City, and was later shot in the standoff, according to local TV
report.
18 alleged FARC members indicted in U.S.
Eighteen alleged members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC)
were indicted Tuesday by a federal grand jury in Washington, D.C. for their
participation in the hostage-taking of three American citizens in Colombia.
U.S. names Frank Ruggiero as new Af-Pak special envoy
Frank Ruggiero has taken over as the acting special envoy for Afghanistan and
Pakistan following the death of Richard Holbrooke on Monday evening, the U.S.
State Department said Tuesday.
Roundup: Italian PM survival triggers different reactions
by Silvia Marchetti
Urgent: Dollar mixed as Fed keeps on bond buying plan
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Tuesday, as the U.S. Federal Reserve reaffirmed its 600-billion-dollar bond
buying plan announced a month ago.
1st Ld-Writethru: Dollar mixed as Fed keeps on bond buying plan
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Tuesday, as the U.S. Federal Reserve reaffirmed its 600-billion-dollar bond
buying plan announced a month ago.
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks rise with Dow hitting 2-year
intraday high
The U.S. stocks on Tuesday ended slightly up with the Dow Jones industrial
average hitting its intraday high in two years.
Karadzic loses key testimony with death of Holbrooke
The untimely death of veteran U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke has denied a key
testimony for the war crimes trial of Radovan Karadzic, the former president of
the Serb republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH), reported the Serbian news
agency Tanjug on Tuesday.
European police arrest two Kosovo Albanians for war crimes
EULEX police officers on Tuesday arrested two former members of the Kosovo
Liberation Army (KLA) for alleged war crimes committed against Serb civilians 12
years ago.
Exxon Mobil sued over illegal emissions at Texas refinery
Two environmental groups in the U. S. state of Texas on Tuesday filed a federal
lawsuit against Exxon Mobil, demanding the oil giant reduce illegal emissions at
its Texas refinery and chemical plant.
Dutch team, Van Marwijk honored in Dutch FA
The Dutch national football team was named "Dutch Team of the Year" on Tuesday
in Amsterdam. Coach Bert van Marwijk was crowned "Coach of the Year".
British military spending branded as wasteful and out of control
by lawmakers
British lawmakers on Tuesday branded the country's military spending as
wasteful, out of control, and "entirely unacceptable."
Greek PM and opposition parties disagree over plan to exit
economic crisis
ATHENS, Dec. 14 (Xinhua)-- Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou held a string
of separate meetings with opposition political party leaders here on Tuesday
which resulted in no agreement over the plan to exit a severe debt crisis.
FA Cup third round draw
Following is the revised draw for the third round of the English FA Cup after
Tuesday's second round matches:
Scottish Premier League result
Following is the Scottish Premier League result on Tuesday:
Chicago wheat drops the most in one month as dollar firms
Chicago wheat tumbled the most in one month on Tuesday, as U.S. dollar reversed
losses and funds started to book in profits before the end of the year. Corn and
soybean both lost momentum and edged lower.
Biden meets U.S. commander in Iraq before UN meeting
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden on Tuesday met with General Lloyd Austin,
commander of U.S. forces in Iraq, reviewing developments in that country before
a United Nations meeting on Iraq.
Yahoo to lay off 4 percent workforce
Yahoo confirmed Tuesday that it will lay off 4 percent of its workforce, up to
around 560 employees, after weeks of speculation.
Canadian stocks fall slightly
Canadian stocks fell slightly on Tuesday, with the S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index
down 15.78 points, or 0. 12 percent, at 13,280.08.
Climate deal paves way for future agreements: UN official
The UN climate deal reached in Cancun is "really a beginning, not an ending,"
Robert Orr, the assistant secretary-general for strategic planning and policy
coordination, briefed reporters here on Tuesday.
Roundup: U.S. stocks rise as Dow, S&amp;P 500 hit 2-year closing high
U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday, with the Federal Reserve's maintaining of easy-
money policy and strong economic data sending the Dow Jones industrial average
and the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 index to their highest closing level in two
years.
UN Security Council "deeply saddened" by passing of U.S. diplomat
The members of the UN Security Council on Tuesday said they are "deeply
saddened" by the passing of Richard Holbrooke, the senior U.S. diplomat and
former U.S. ambassador to the UN who died on Monday.
Malaria control programs produce substantial results: WHO
The World Health Organization released its 2010 world malaria report Tuesday at
Geneva, stating that the massive scale-up in malaria control programs between
2008 and 2010 had resulted in substantial progress in bring down the number of
Malaria infection and related death.
Spain to extend state of alarm for safe air traffic
The Spanish Government decided on Tuesday to extend the State of Alarm imposed
on December 4 until January 15 in order to ensure safe air traffic over
Christmas period.
New Analysis: Berlusconi dramatically wins confidence vote
by Eric J. Lyman
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 15
The UN climate deal reached in Cancun is "really a beginning, not an ending,"
Robert Orr, the assistant secretary-general for strategic planning and policy
coordination, briefed reporters here on Tuesday.
Urgent: One killed, five wounded in Sacramento shooting
A woman was killed and five other people were wounded in a shooting on Tuesday
in Sacramento, California, authorities said.
1st LD: One killed, five wounded in Sacramento shooting
A woman was killed and five other people were wounded in a shooting on Tuesday
in Sacramento, California, authorities said.
Stocks close higher in Mexico, lower in Argentina, Brazil
Latin America's three major stock markets ended mixed on Tuesday.
Mexico nets 5 human traffickers, 50 illegal immigrants
A total of five human traffickers and 50 illegal immigrants were arrested in
Mexico in recent days, authorities said on Tuesday.
4 killed in unemployed workers' attack on Argentine gov't
building
At least four people were killed when members of the Movement of Unemployed
Workers on Tuesday set fire to the doors of the Social Development Ministry
building in Buenos Aires.
Cuba launches Wikipedia-style online encyclopedia
Cuba Tuesday launched the ECURED, its own Wikipedia-style open online
encyclopedia with 19,345 items of reference articles, biographies and academic
works.
Colombian president supports ex-senator's hostage rescue efforts
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos  Tuesday confirmed he would help former
Senator Piedad Cordoba's bid to free five hostages taken by the Revolutionary
Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels.
Obama reviews Afghanistan strategy report
U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday met with his national security team for
their monthly Afghanistan/Pakistan meeting, reviewing findings of a report of
the administration's strategy in the war.
2nd LD Writethru: One killed, 5 wounded in U.S. mall gunbattle
A woman was killed and five other men were wounded in a gunbattle Tuesday in
Sacramento, California, authorities said.
Fiat to invest 1.75 billion USD in Brazil's new factory
Italian automaker Fiat on Tuesday announced a plan to invest 1.75 billion U.S.
dollars to build a new car factory in the Port and Industrial Complex of Suape
in Brazil's Pernambuco state.
Mexico seeks 24 billion dollars via IMF credit line
Mexico's government wants to raise its credit line with the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) to 72 billion U.S. dollars, Finance Minister Ernesto Cordero
said at a press conference Tuesday.
Retail sales in Brazil up 11 percent in first 10 months of 2010
Retail sales in Brazil increased 11.4 percent in the first 10 months of 2010,
compared with the same period last year, the Brazilian Institute of Geography
and Statistics (IBGE) said Tuesday.
Ethiopia holds talks with Somalia
Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi held talks with Somali Prime Minister
Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed on bilateral ties and regional issues here Tuesday.
China's inflation "reversible" but "warning signal," says
economist
A Merrill Lynch economist said on Tuesday that China's inflation is reversible
but clearly sending a warning signal to avoiding over-heating risk.
Cuba, Greece agree to restore cooperation
Greece agreed to restore cooperation with Cuba, following in the footsteps of
some other European Union countries, a joint declaration said on Tuesday.
Violent protests hit Rome after Berlusconi survives no-confidence
vote
Violent protests erupted on Tuesday in Rome after Prime Minister Silvio
Berlusconi survived a key no- confidence vote.
Chinese company signs agreement to expand airport in Ethiopia
The Ethiopian Airports Enterprise (EAE) has hired China Road and Bridge
Corporation (CRBC) Addis Engineering to expand the Addis Ababa Bole
International Airport.
China pledges donation for UN emergency fund
China planned to donate 500,000 U.S. dollars to the Central Emergency Response
Fund (CERF) of the United Nations in 2011, a Chinese diplomat to the world body
said Tuesday.
Israel sends 50 tons of humanitarian aid to Colombia
The Israeli government has sent 50 tons of humanitarian aid to Colombia which
was hit by heavy rains, according to an official statement here on Monday.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 14
Australia's economy is expected to remain one of the fastest growing among
developed nations in 2010-11, driven by farm and mine production, a latest
report said on Tuesday.
DPRK accuses S. Korea of trying to ignite all-out war
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Tuesday accused South Korea
of trying to ignite an all-out war after last month's Yonphyong Island shelling
incident.
News Analysis: Will tax cuts bill help the U.S. economy?
by Matthew Rusling
Urgent: At least two people killed by train in L.A.
At least two male pedestrians were killed by an passing Amtrak train in
Commerce, Southern California, on Monday evening, authorities said.
1st LD: At least two killed by train in California
At least two male pedestrians were struck and killed by an passing Amtrak train
in Commerce, Southern California, on Monday night, authorities said.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 14
At least two policemen were killed and six others injured in a terrorist attack
at a police checkpost early Tuesday morning in Pakistan's northwest tribal area
of Mohmand Agency, reported local Urdu TV Channel ARY.
2nd LD: Three dead after being struck by train in California
Three male pedestrians were confirmed dead after they were struck by an Amtrak
train in Commerce, southern California, Monday night, authorities said.
London stock market down slightly in early trade
London stock market opened lower slightly on Tuesday, with the leading FTSE 100
index down 0.58 points at 5,860.17 points in early trade.
Feature: Education deficit major obstacle to sustained growth in
Brazil
Despite Brazil's remarkable performance after the financial crisis with a growth
rate of above 7 percent in 2010,  many experts are concerned about what they
consider a major obstacle to maintain that momentum: the South American
country's education deficit.
Urgent: Italian premier won confidence vote in Senate
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Tuesday won a confidence vote in the
Senate.
1st LD: Italian premier wins confidence vote in Senate
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Tuesday won a confidence vote in the
Senate.
3rd LD Writethru: Three dead after being struck by train in
California
Three male pedestrians were confirmed dead after they were struck by an Amtrak
train in Commerce, southern California, Monday night, authorities said.
DPRK discovers whale bone fossils
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) has discovered whale bone
fossils dating back 10,000 years, according to official news agency KCNA.
Participation in Shanghai Expo boosts Brazil's image
The Shanghai Expo boosted Brazil's image in China and would certainly bear fruit
for trade between the two countries, a Brazilian trade official said Monday.
Backgrounder: Basic facts about India
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao will pay an official visit to India on Wednesday at
the invitation of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
2nd LD: Italian premier wins confidence vote in Senate
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Tuesday won a confidence vote in the
Senate.
Finnish airline Finnair to begin flights powered by renewable
fuel
Finnish flag carrier Finnair is set to become the first airline in the world to
use fuel produced from renewable sources when it is planning to start fueling
some of its planes with bio-fuel in the coming spring, reported Finnish media
Tuesday.
Russian government approves controversial highway project
The Russian government gave a final approval Tuesday to a controversial project
of a highway construction that would cut through a suburban forest.
Ukraine to expand horizons of its foreign policy: Yanukovych
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych said his country would expand horizons of
its foreign policy setting relations with the states defining the face of a new
world.
Eurozone industrial production rebounds by 0.7 percent in October
Industrial production in the euro zone rebounded by 0.7 percent in October,
compared with the previous month, the European Union (EU)'s statistics bureau
Eurostat said on Tuesday.
Feature: Beauty Night sheds light of sympathy in Vancouver's
poorest area
by Al Campbell
London stock market down slightly by midday
The London stock market fell slightly by midday on Tuesday with the leading FTSE
100 index down 0.56 points at 5,860.19 points at noon.
Bulgaria, Serbia troops to train together
Bulgaria and Serbia agreed Tuesday to train their troops together in the Novo
Selo Training Range, a military base in central Bulgaria used by NATO nations.
Ukraine commemorates Chernobyl disaster victims, liquidators
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and top officials on Tuesday commemorated
the victims and "liquidators" of the Chernobyl power plant disaster, 24 years
after what remains the worst nuclear accident in history.
Snow causes fresh traffic chaos in Germany
Overnight snow deeply hit German traffic again, causing airports shutdown, large
number of traffic jams and accidents as well as several injuries, police said on
Tuesday morning.
Urgent: Italian premier survives non-confidence vote in House
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Tuesday survived a key non-confidence
vote in the House.
1st LD: Italian premier survives non-confidence vote in House
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Tuesday survived a key non-confidence
vote in the House.
Commentary: Push forward pragmatic cooperation between China,
South Asian neighbours
by Ding Yi
IATA adjusts 2010 net profit forecast at 15.1 bln USD
The International Air Transportation Association (IATA) announced Tuesday that
it has revised its 2010 industry outlook to a net profit of 15.1 billion U.S.
dollars, up from its 8.9-billion-dollar forecast in September.
India eyes win-win relationship with China: foreign secretary
Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao says that India looks forward to better
understanding China and creating a win-win relationship with the country.
Roundup: China-India relations maintain healthy, steady momentum
of development
China and India, whose friendly exchanges date over 2,000 years ago, have built
a strategic cooperative partnership after entering the 21st century and their
relations have maintained healthy and steady development.
Tbilisi to chair Eurocities working group for 2011
Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia, has become the first east European city to
chair the working group of Eurocities, a network of more than 130 cities in over
30 countries, it was learned on Tuesday.
FDI inflow down in Georgia in 3rd quarter - GeoStat
Foreign direct investment (FDI) into Georgia decreased by 7.3 percent year-on-
year in the third quarter of 2010 to 160.4 million U.S. dollars, the country's
statistical office GeoStat reported on Tuesday.
DPRK, Russia agree to guarantee peace, stability of Korean
Peninsula: DPRK Foreign  Ministry
A spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Tuesday issued a statement over the visit of Pak Ui
Chun, minister of Foreign Affairs, to Russia, the official news agency KCNA
reported.
2nd LD: Italian premier survives non-confidence votes
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Tuesday dodged the downfall of his
government by surviving a key non-confidence vote in the Italian House by three
votes.
Yearender: U.S., Russia, EU powers play with European security
by Xinhua Writer Zhang Wei
Cooperation agreement signed between Vienna, Bucharest
Vienna Mayor Michael Haeupl and Bucharest Mayor Sorin Mircea Oprescu on Tuesday
signed an agreement to strengthen cooperation between their cities.
U.S. stocks rise on strong retail data
U.S. stocks rose in early trading on Tuesday as retail data came in better than
expected, adding to evidence that the recovery was gaining momentum in the
fourth quarter.
Denmark's GDP expected to grow 2 pct in 2010: report
Denmark's economic growth in 2010 is expected to reach 2 percent, the Ministry
of Finance says.
Early voting starts in Belarus
Early voting in the Belarus presidential election started on Tuesday.
Azerbaijan not to trade disputed area with Georgia - official
Azerbaijan is not negotiating an exchange of disputed territories with
neighboring Georgia, a Foreign Ministry spokesperson said Tuesday.
Christmas sales in Vienna set to beat expectations
Christmas sales in Vienna are set to easily beat expectations, a community
leader said Tuesday.
DPRK blasts dishonest remarks of South Korean president
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Tuesday issued a statement
denouncing some dishonest remarks made by South Korean President Lee Myung-bak
during his recent visit to Southeast Asia, the official news agency KCNA
reported.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 14
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Tuesday dodged the downfall of his
government by surviving a key non-confidence vote in the Italian House by three
votes.
WikiLeaks founder granted bail at British court
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange was granted bail at a London court on Tuesday.
1st LD: WikiLeaks founder granted bail
The founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange was granted bail on Tuesday with strict
conditions ahead of a full extradition hearing over claims that he committed sex
offences in Sweden.
(China Sports) A Chinese orphan's pursuit of happiness
Fu Tiecan sat in the news conference room, surrounded by a crowd of reporters
and flashlights. Childhood memories suddenly came in to her mind, and then she
burst into tears.
Parma beat Fiorentina in Italian Cup
Argentine striker Hernan Crespo came off the bench to score twice in extra time
and help Parma beat Fiorentina 2-1 on Tuesday to reach the last eight in the
Italian Cup.
Wales appoint Speed as new manager
Gary Speed was appointed as the new Wales team manager, announced the Football
Association of Wales (FAW) on Tuesday.
Results of NFL on Dec. 13
Following are the results of 2010-2011 National Football League (NFL) on Monday
(home team in CAPS):
Results of 2010-2011 NHL on Dec. 13
Following are the results of 2010-2011 National Hockey League (NHL) games on
Monday (home team in CAPS):
CBA accepts FIBA's penalties over brawl
The Chinese Basketball Association (CBA) accepted Tuesday the penalties imposed
by FIBA for a mass brawl between Chinese players and their Brazilian
counterparts in an October friendly match to create a better match order in the
future.
Pakistan may lose some senior cricketers for World Cup 2011
Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) may drop some of its senior players from the squad
which would feature in the upcoming cricket world cup scheduled to start on Feb.
19 next year, officials said Tuesday.
South Africa welcomes World Cup Legacy Trust
The South African Football Supporters' Association (SAFSA) on Tuesday welcomed
the 100 million U.S. dollar World Cup Legacy Trust launched by FIFA in
Johannesburg.
Villarreal lose Spain international Marchena through injury
Spanish BBVA Primera Liga club Villarreal will have to do without the services
of Spain international defender Carlos Marchena for a month after it was
confirmed that he has a torn hamstring.
Zaragoza announces big loses for past season
The President of Zaragoza football club Agapito Iglesias has said he has no
intention of selling his shares in the struggling side despite the announcement
of huge losses for last season.
Atletico Madrid President explains decision to sell Simao to
Besiktas
Atletico Madrid President Enrique Cerezo this Tuesday explained the club's
decision to sell Portuguese international winger Simao Sabrosa to Turkish side
Besiktas.
Xavi: Barca can play even better
Barcelona midfielder Xavi Hernandez this Tuesday sounded a warning to his club's
rivals that his team can play even better than it has been doing over the past
weeks.
Nadal, Wozniacki named 2010 ITF world champions
Rafael Nadal of Spain and Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark are named the
International Tennis Federation's world champions for 2010.
Royal Mint to produce London 2012 Olympic medals
Royal Mint will produce around 4,700 victory medals for the London 2012 Olympic
and Paralympic Games, announced the London Organising Committee of the Olympic
Games and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) on Tuesday.
Hong Kong to bid for 2023 Asian Games
The Hong Kong government will support the Olympic Committee of Hong Kong, China,
in its bid for the 2023 Asian Games while the budget for direct cost will be 6
billion HK dollars (about 0.77 billion U.S. dollars), the authority said here on
Tuesday.
Atletico Madrid hope for luck to reach next phase of Europa
League
Atletico Madrid midfielder Fran Merida prefers to focus on what his side needs
to do rather than look to their rivals as the Spanish side looks to reach the
last 32 of the Europa League.
Baku club chief warns players of unknown opponents in CIS Cup
tourney
The president of the Azerbaijani soccer club Baku FC Inter on Tuesday warned
that unknown opponents are the most dangerous in the forthcoming CIS and Baltic
Countries Cup soccer tournament.
Zimbabwe swimmer Lawson sets national breaststroke record
Swimmer James Lawson powered to his second gold medal for Zimbabwe at the
ongoing Zone VI Youth Games in Mbabane, Swaziland on Monday, setting a new
national record in the 100m breaststroke event.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 14
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 14:
China to further promote green energy
China will increasingly promote the use of clean energy, since the country's
energy needs are expected to increase by an equivalent of 2 billion tonnes of
coal in the next decade, said Dai Yande, an official of the National Development
and Reform Commission Tuesday during the 2010 Asia Energy Forum in Guangzhou
City.
Over 400 vehicles stranded by snow in north China
More than 400 vehicles and an unknown number of people on board were stranded by
snow on a national highway since Tuesday afternoon in north China's Inner
Mongolia Autonomous Region.
City shelters open doors to homeless as winter bites
As the cold sets in with the arrival of winter, local civil affairs authorities
in Shanghai and the southern city of Guangzhou are reaching out to the city's
homeless population.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 80 HK dollars to open at 12,935 HK dollars
per tael on Wednesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
Chinese premier leaves for official visits to India, Pakistan
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao left here Wednesday morning for official visits to
India and Pakistan.
China's yuan weakens to 6.6566 per USD Wednesday
The value of yuan weakened slightly as the central parity rate of Renminbi,
China's currency, was set at 6.6566 per U.S. dollar Wednesday, compared with
Tuesday's 6.6531, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange
Trading System.
Chinese shares open slightly higher Wednesday
Chinese shares opened slightly higher Wednesday, with the benchmark Shanghai
Composite Index up 0.01 percent to 2,927.26 at the opening.
China stock index futures open higher Wednesday
China's stock index futures opened higher Wednesday. The contract for settlement
in December, the most actively traded, opened 2.4 points higher at 3,279.6.
ChiNext Index opens lower Wednesday
ChiNext stocks declined 0.71 points to open at 1,217.81 points Wednesday.
Urgent: China's FDI up 38.17 pct in Nov., 16th consecutive
monthly rise
China's foreign direct investment increased 38.17 percent in November year on
year to 9.704 billion U.S. dollars, the Ministry of Commerce said Wednesday.
Hong Kong stocks open lower -- Dec. 15
Hong Kong stocks moved down 59.85 points, or 0.26 percent, to open at 23,371.34
on Wednesday.
Urgent: Tunnel of highway linking Tibet's Metok completed
Construction of the tunnel of a highway that links Tibet's Metok County to the
outside is completed when 152 kg explosive ripped through the end of the
3,310-meter tunnel at 10 a.m. Wednesday.
1st Ld: Tunnel of highway linking Tibet's Metok completed
Construction of the tunnel of a highway that links Tibet's Metok County to the
outside is completed when explosive ripped through the end of the 3,310-meter
tunnel at 10 a.m. Wednesday.
Senior official investigated for disciplinary violation
Liu Zhuozhi, vice chairman of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region government,
was under investigation over alleged severe violation of discipline, the
Communist Party of China (CPC)'s discipline watchdog confirmed Wednesday.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.08 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 19.28 points, or 0.08 percent to close Tuesday's
morning session at 23,336.89 points.
Chinese shares close lower at midday Wednesday
China's stocks closed lower in the morning trading session Wednesday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 0.09 percent to 2,924.34.
Malawi parliamentary delegation to visit China
Chimunthu Banda, Speaker of the National Assembly of Malawi, will lead a
parliamentary delegation to China for an official goodwill visit this month.
2nd Ld-Writethrough: Tunnel of highway to Tibet's Metok completed
Construction of the tunnel on a highway that links Tibet's Metok County to the
outside world was completed when explosives blasted through the final section at
10 a.m. Wednesday.
Chinese police crack down on sale of counterfeit documents over
Internet
Chinese police Tuesday began a nationwide campaign against Internet-based trade
in counterfeit documents.
1st LD: China's FDI up for 16th straight month in November
Foreign direct investment (FDI) into China rose for the 16th consecutive month,
hitting 9.704 billion U.S. dollars in November and indicating that China remains
a favored investment destination.
Mainland presses for investment promotion in talks with Taiwan
A Chinese mainland spokesman Wednesday said mutual investment promotion should
be included in any agreement with Taiwan on the protection of investments across
the Taiwan Strait.
China's stocks end 0.14 pct higher Tuesday
Chinese stocks kept Monday's upward trend to end higher Tuesday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up 0.14 percent to 2,927.08 points.
Chinese mainland, Taiwan to hold joint forum on Sun Yat-sen
Officials and academics from the Chinese mainland and Taiwan will gather in
south China this week to discuss Sun Yat-sen, the founding father of the
Kuomintang Party and a leader of China's republican revolution.
Shanghai stock indices close up -- Dec. 14
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,927.08 Tuesday, up 4.12 points, or 0.14 percent, from the previous close.
Proportion of Chinese people satisfied with prices at 11-year
low: central bank survey
The proportion of Chinese citizens satisfied with price levels has sunk to an
11-year low despite government efforts to rein in prices, the People's Bank of
China, China's central bank, said Wednesday.
Shenzhen stock indices close up -- Dec. 14
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange was up 0.17 percent,
or 21.59 points, to end at 12,926.62 points on Tuesday.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec. 14
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,269.47 points Tuesday, up 8.41 points, or 0.26
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 14
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1,
added 0.76 percent, or 9.25 points, to close at 1,218.52 on Tuesday.
China stock index futures close up Tuesday
China's stock index futures closed up Tuesday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, was up 0.46 percent to close at 3,277.8.
China regrets WTO ruling on U.S. tariff on Chinese tire imports
China said Tuesday it regreted a World Trade Organization (WTO) ruling Monday
that said a punitive United States tariff on Chinese tire imports is consistent
with global trade rules.
Hong Kong stocks close 0.49 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 113.58 points, or 0.49 percent, at 23,431.19 on
Tuesday.
1st Ld-Writethru: Chinese stocks edge higher Tuesday as cement
producers, agriculture  stocks gain
Chinese stocks crept higher Tuesday on the back of cement producers' and
agriculture stocks' gains.
Asylum owner detained for selling mentally ill people in China
An owner of a shelter for the mentally ill was detained late Monday evening in
southwestern China's Sichuan Province for allegedly selling mentally disabled
people to a factory, said local authorities on Tuesday.
Taiwan stocks close flat
Taiwan's share prices rose on Tuesday with the weighted index slightly up 3.84
points, or 0.04 percent, to close at 8,740.43, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
New round of cross-Strait talks to be held between Dec. 20 and 22
in Taipei
The sixth round of talks between the mainland-based Association for Relations
Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS) and the Taiwan-based Straits Exchange
Foundation (SEF) is to be held between Dec. 20 and 22 in Taipei, the two
institutions announced Tuesday.
1st Ld: New round of cross-Strait talks to be held between Dec.
20 and 22 in Taipei
The sixth round of talks between the mainland-based Association for Relations
Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS) and the Taiwan-based Straits Exchange
Foundation (SEF) is to be held between Dec. 20 and 22 in Taipei, the two
institutions announced Tuesday.
Roundup: HK stocks up 0.49 pct
Hong Kong stocks went up 0.49 percent on Tuesday as turnover kept shrinking.
Leading car makers across Taiwan Strait set up JV in E. China
Two leading car makers across the Taiwan Strait established a joint venture
Tuesday in east China's Zhejiang Province.
China hopes Philippine gov't continues to properly handle matters
concerning hostage  incident: FM
China expected and believed the Philippine authorities would continue to
properly handle matters concerning the hostage tragedy earlier this year, said
Chinese Foreign Spokeswoman Jiang Yu here Tuesday.
HK's GDP up 9.5 pct in Q3
Hong Kong's gross domestic product (GDP) rose 9.5 percent from a year earlier in
the third quarter this year, reaching 453.9 billion HK dollars (58.35 billion
U.S. dollars), said the Hong Kong government on Tuesday.
1st LD-Writethru: Police suspect arson cause of deadly blaze in
E. China
Initial investigations into a fire that killed nine people in east China's
Zhejiang Province indicated arson was to blame, police said Tuesday.
1st Ld-Writethru: China regrets WTO ruling on U.S. tariff on
Chinese tires
China said Tuesday it regretted a World Trade Organization (WTO) ruling Monday
that said a punitive United States tariff on Chinese tire imports is consistent
with global trade rules.
Top political advisor urges Chinese to contribute to nation's
development
Top Chinese political advisor Jia Qinglin Tuesday called on people of all walks
of life to contribute their wisdom and resources to the nation's development.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 14
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 14:
Taiwan's largest carrier to open new flight to Jinan
Taiwan-based EVA Airways will start flying from Taipei to Jinan, capital of
eastern Shandong Province, from Saturday, the government of Jinan announced
Tuesday at a press briefing.
China mourns death of veteran U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said Tuesday China mourns the
passing away of Richard Holbrooke, the U.S. special representative for
Afghanistan and Pakistan.
HK's foreign assets reach 2,023 bln HKD in November
Hong Kong's foreign assets of the exchange fund amounted to 2,022.6 billion HK
dollars (260 billion U.S. dollars) in November this year, up 13.2 billion HK
dollars from that in October, said the Hong Kong Monetary Authority on Tuesday.
China hopes U.S.-China JCCT meeting further improves ties
China hopes the upcoming U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade
(JCCT) meeting will address differences and further improve bilateral ties.
1st LD-Writethru: 24 injured in escalator malfunction in south
China metro station
Twenty-four people were injured Tuesday when a crowded escalator in a metro
station in southern China's economic hub Shenzhen suddenly started moving in
reverse.
1st LD-Writethru: China Focus: Asylum owner detained for selling
mentally ill people  in China
An owner of a shelter for the mentally ill was detained late Monday evening in
southwestern China's Sichuan Province for allegedly selling people under his
care to a factory, said local authorities on Tuesday.
Chinese state councilor to visit four Latin American, Caribbean
countries
Chinese State Councilor Liu Yandong will pay official visits to Chile, Ecuador,
Colombia, Antigua and Barbuda from Dec. 20 to Jan. 1, 2011, announced Chinese
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu here Tuesday.
Cambodian PM visits Tianjin
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen Tuesday visited China's coastal municipality of
Tianjin.
China Longyuan says capacity up 76 pct annually in past five
years
China Longyuan Power Group, the country's largest wind power producer, said its
installed wind power capacity had reached 5.51 million kilowatts as of November,
after seeing an annual rise of 76.2 percent during the past five years.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong -- Dec. 14
The gold price in Hong Kong closed up  127 HK dollars at 13,015 HK dollars per
tael on Tuesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Most parts of China hit by cold snap
Most parts of China are shivering under a cold spell Tuesday as the nation's
meteorological authorities forecast temperatures would further drop by as much
as 10 degrees during the next 24 hours.
Head of mainland journalists' association stresses cross-Strait
media cooperation
Head of the mainland-based All China Journalists' Association (ACJA) on Tuesday
called for strengthened cooperation between news media across the Taiwan Strait.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index up 0.89 pct
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange gained
113.23 points, or 0.89 percent, to close Tuesday's trading at 12,865.05.
China's economy faces new challenges despite steady growth
China's economy faces fresh challenges and problems despite quickening economic
growth as seen in the November economic data released Saturday, since the world
economy has not fully recovered from the financial crisis, a senior official
said here Tuesday.
Chinese vice president urges universities to reinforce Party
building
Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping Tuesday urged Chinese universities to
reinforce and improve the building of Communist Party of China (CPC)
organizations, which Xi said was a "fundamental guarantee" to boost the
development of higher institutions of learning.
China, Mongolia eye closer cooperation on law enforcement
China and Mongolia vowed here Tuesday to step up cooperation on law enforcement
to safeguard security in border area.
China to raise tariffs on certain rare earth exports in 2011
China will raise export tariffs on certain rare earths in 2011, said a statement
on the website of the Ministry of Finance (MOF) Tuesday.
China Exclusive: China mulls having courts rule on disputed
forced demolitions to  curtail local gov't powers
China might remove the government's administrative power to force residents to
relocate and instead rely on courts to make decisions after taking into account
the concerns of residents and developers.
Nine pct growth expected to be new normal for Chinese economy:
report
The Chinese economic growth is forecast to slow to 9.1 percent in 2011, from an
estimate of 10.3 percent this year, and the 9 percent growth is expected to be a
new normal for China in the post-crisis period, Bank of America Merrill Lynch
said in a regional economic outlook report released on Tuesday.
China urges Japan to consider its Asian neighbors on military
matters
Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Jiang Yu said here Tuesday that Japan
should consider the sentiments of its Asian neighbors when it comes to military
matters.
China vegetable prices fall for fifth week: report
Prices of vegetables in China fell for a fifth week since the start of November
this year, as combined price declines reached 17.4 percent during the period, a
report by the Ministry of Commerce said Tuesday.
China hopes parties concerned end recriminations, stabilize
situation on Korean Peninsula:  foreign ministry
China hoped that all parties concerned should work together to stabilize the
situation in the Korean Peninsula rather than finger-pointing, said a Chinese
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman in Beijing Tuesday.
Chinese official exposed by online diaries receive jail terms for
taking bribes
A tobacco official in south China's
2nd LD Writethru: New round of cross-Strait talks to be held in
Taipei on Dec. 21
The sixth round of talks between the mainland-based Association for Relations
Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS) and the Taiwan-based Straits Exchange
Foundation (SEF) is to be held in Taipei on Dec. 21, the two institutions
announced Tuesday.
Chinese public hope tax to be lowered in draft law on vehicle,
boat taxation
More than half of the Chinese public have voiced the hope that taxes would be
reduced on vehicles and boats as the country's top legislature discontinued
soliciting opinions for the draft law on vehicle and boat taxation.
China CNR, CHALCO sign accord on strategic cooperation, supply
guarantee
China CNR Corp. announced Tuesday that it has signed a framework agreement with
Aluminum Corporation Of China (CHALCO) to forge a strategic cooperation as both
companies vowed to guarantee supplies to each other.
13,000 Chinese Muslims return from pilgrimage in Mecca
13,000 Chinese Muslims have returned home following this year's pilgrimage to
the Muslim holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia, as the last chartered plane
landed here Tuesday.
Asian currencies including Renminbi, "fairly valued": U.S.
economist
Despite claims by some academicians and politicians in the United States that
the Chinese currency Renminbi is "significantly" undervalued, a U.S. economist
with Bank of America Merrill Lynch said on Tuesday that Asian currencies
including the Renminbi are fairly valued.
Macao to develop its role as Chinese medicine trading platform
Macao will make effort to turn itself into a trade platform that is aimed at
boosting the export of Chinese medicine to markets of Portuguese speaking
countries and the European Union, an official of the Macao Special
Administrative Region (SAR) government said on Tuesday.@   The Guangdong-Macao
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Scientific and Industrial Park will be
located in the northwest part of the Hengqing Island, which is a part of Zhuhai,
southern China's Guangdong province, and the governments of Macao and Guangdong
have agreed to build five bases respectively concerning Chinese medicine's
research, manufacture, logistics, service and international standard within five
years, said Chan King Hung, acting director of the SAR government's Office for
the Preparation of the Guangodng-Macao TCM Scientific and Industrial Park, at a
forum held here.
China to recruit more talented young professionals from overseas
China has launched a fresh initiative to recruit around 2,000 outstanding young
professionals from overseas in five years, according to a statement issued
Tuesday by China's central authorities.
China Economic News in Brief: Shanghai airport passengers; UPS in
Zhengzhou; China  power capacity
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
China releases guidelines to improve funding for grassroots
medical institutions
The Chinese government on Tuesday published guidelines on improving the
country's funding system of grassroots medical institutions, according to a
statement posted on the central government's official website www.gov.cn.
China aims to restore, protect more of its archives
The Chinese government plans to further intensify efforts over the next five
years to salvage and protect the country's most important archives, said the
State Archives Administration on Tuesday.
Sewage treatment facilities still missing from 61 Chinese cities:
ministry
Dozens of Chinese cities have failed to build sewage treatment facilities this
year, though China is making great progress in its urbanization, according to
officials in the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development (MOHURD)
Tuesday.
2nd LD Writethru-China Focus: Factory boss captured for allegedly
enslaving mentally  ill workers in China
A factory boss was captured Tuesday in southwest China's Sichuan Province for
allegedly enslaving mentally ill workers sold by an asylum owner, said local
government officials.
China cultural news in brief: Mongolian furniture museum; Rare
wooden figurine; Pottery,  bone tools
The following are some of China's cultural and archeological news items in
brief.
Hong Kong residents to pay higher power bills in 2011
Hong Kong's two power suppliers - - Hongkong Electric and CLP Power -- plan to
increase their average net tariff by 2.8 percent next year, the city's
government said on Tuesday in a statement.
Ex-employees of FedEx Hong Kong jailed for deceiving courier fees
Two former employees of FedEx Hong Kong were sent to jail on Tuesday at the
city's District Court for understating the weights of customers' parcels on air
waybills to deceive over 470,000 HK dollars (60,450 U.S. dollars) in courier
fees from the company.
CPC aims to publicize affairs of grassroots Party organizations
by 2011
The Communist Party of China (CPC) has announced that it would publicize the
affairs of grassroots Party organizations by the end of 2011, a further step in
its effort to push forward intra-party democracy.
Chinese vice premier urges stable prices
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang called for more efforts from local authorities
to stabilize prices and improve people's lives.
China's last county without highway to have key highway tunnel
completed
China's Metok County will say farewell to its history of no highway links soon,
as highway tunnel construction is expected to be completed Wednesday in
southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, road builders said on Tuesday.
Turkey welcomes EU's enlargement conclusions
Turkey welcomed the "Enlargement Conclusions" released by the Council of the
European Union on Tuesday while objecting the Council's criticism against Turkey
over the Cyprus issue, Turkish Foreign Ministry said late Tuesday night.
Urgent: Suicide attacks in southeastern Iran claims several lives
Two suicide attacks in southeastern Iran on Wednesday claimed several lives, the
semi-official Fars news agency reported.
1st LD: Suicide attacks in southeastern Iran claims several lives
Two suicide attacks in southeastern Iran on Wednesday claimed several lives and
wounded some others, local media reported.
2nd LD: Suicide attack in southeastern Iran kills 15 people
A total of 15 people were killed and 50 others were wounded in a suicide attack
in southeastern Iran on Wednesday, the semi-official ISNA news agency quoted the
head of Iran's Red Crescent Society as saying.
Heavy storms uncover Roman statue in Israel
A well-preserved 1.2-meter high, 200-kg Roman-era marble statue was uncovered by
the 10-meter waves slamming into a crumbling seafront cliff near the southern
city of Ashkelon a few days ago, an archaeologist said Wednesday.
10 people wounded in Baghdad violence
Ten people were wounded in separate bomb attacks across Baghdad on Wednesday
morning, an Interior Ministry source said.
Egypt's factory collapse death toll rises to 26
The death toll from the collapse of a textile factory in Egypt's northern port
city of Alexandria rose to 26 after the civil defense team ended rescue work on
Wednesday, reported official MENA news agency.
Palestinians seek Jordanian pressure to stop Jerusalem hotel
expansion
The Palestinian leadership on Wednesday asked Jordan to press Israel to stop the
expansion of an East Jerusalem hotel that was originally owned by Jordan.
Five soldiers killed in al-Qaida ambush in south Yemen
Gunmen of the Yemen-based al-Qaida wing Wednesday ambushed a security armored
vehicle, killing at least five soldiers onboard in the country's southern
province of Abyan, a provincial security official said.
Syria reports more A/H1N1 flu cases
Syria has reported three more cases of A/H1N1 flu, including one death, the
Damascus Press news website reported on Wednesday.
3rd LD: Suicide attack in southeastern Iran kills 38 people
A total of 38 people were killed and 50 others were wounded in a suicide attack
in southeastern Iran on Wednesday, the local satellite Press TV reported.
Iran says U.S., UK behind suicide attack in southeast of country
Chief of Iran's Parliament National Security and Foreign Policy Commission
Alaeddin Boroujerdi accused the United States and Britain of involving in
Wednesday's suicide attack in southeastern Iran, the semi-official ISNA news
agency reported.
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,372 points on
Wednesday, dropping by one point from Tuesday's finish.
Mubarak meets Abbas, U.S. envoy over peace talks
Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak held
Tunisia, Shanghai ink agreement in higher education cooperation
The Tunisian higher education and scientific research ministry and the
municipality of Shanghai of China signed on Wednesday in Tunis a Memorandum of
Understanding ( MOU) to promote cooperation in higher education.
Syria, Austria sign 100 million USD financial agreement
Syrian and Austrian governments signed here on Wednesday 100 million U.S.
dollars agreement of financial cooperation, Syrian official SANA news agency
reported.
Israeli scientist finds sweet solution to plastic waste
An Israeli researcher said he has found a sweet solution to a sour worldwide
problem: mountains of disposed plastic items that pack landfills and wash out to
sea, and take decades, if not centuries to melt down.
Egypt's stock exchange indices close lower
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,943.38 points on Wednesday, down
0.76 percent from previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index, ended
1.44 percent lower at 738.35 points.
Turkey's first nuclear power plant to cost 20 bln USD: report
Turkey's first nuclear power plant, expected to be licensed by the end of 2011,
would cost around 20 billion U.S. dollars, local media reported Wednesday.
Turkish, African officials meet to strengthen new found
cooperation
Turkish and African officials met here on Wednesday to discuss in detail how to
strengthen Africa- Turkey relations.
Islamic-Christian Fraternity Conference kicks off in Syria
Delegates from more than 30 countries participate in the Islamic-Christian
Fraternity Conference kicked off here Wednesday.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes down
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,064.24 points on
Wednesday, down 8. 94 points from Tuesday's close.
Roundup: Concerns increase over possible delay of south Sudan
referendum
by Fayez el-Zaki Hassan
News Analysis: Next options being considered as Mideast direct
talks fail
By Adam Gonn
Roundup: Iran accuses US, Britain, Israel of deadly suicide bomb
attack
Iran on Wednesday accused the United States, Britain and Israel of involving in
the deadly suicide bomb attack in the country which left 39 killed and more than
50 others wounded.
Fickle oil prices force Gulf Arab markets down
As oil prices failed to rise above 90 U.S. dollars per barrel Wednesday, Gulf
Arab stock markets headed slightly lower except that in Kuwait.
Yemen renews calls for EU to lift ban on its cargo flights
Yemen on Wednesday renewed calls for the European Union (EU) to lift ban on
Yemen's incoming cargo flights imposed after the detection of parcel bombs in
Yemeni cargo planes bound for the U.S. late October, official Saba news agency
reported.
Urgent: No talks resumption without serious U.S. offer, Arab
League
Arab foreign ministers decided in a meeting here Wednesday not to resume the
peace talks between Palestinians and Israel unless the U.S. makes a serious
offer.
Int'l conference on nuclear energy underway in Jordan
Arab and foreign nuclear experts on Wednesday gathered in the Jordanian capital
of Amman to look into challenges facing developing countries in using nuclear
energy.
1st LD: No talks resumption without serious US offer: Arab League
Arab foreign ministers decided in a meeting here Wednesday not to resume the
peace talks between the Palestinians and Israel unless the United States makes a
serious offer.
2nd LD: No talks resumption without serious US offer: Arab League
Arab foreign ministers decided in a meeting here Wednesday not to resume the
peace talks between the Palestinians and Israel unless the United States makes a
serious offer.
3rd LD: AL decides not to resume Israeli-Palestinian talks
without US offer
Arab foreign ministers decided here Wednesday that the Palestinian-Israeli peace
talks should not be resumed without a serious U.S. offer and the Arab League
(AL) will bring up the issue to the UN Security Council.
Lebanese army says dismantles "Israeli espionage" devices
The Lebanese army on Wednesday dismantled what it described as Israeli espionage
and footage devices installed in Lebanese mountainous regions.
Roundup: Arab League decides no talks resumption, seeking a UN
resolution
Arab foreign ministers decided here Wednesday not to resume the Palestinian-
Israel peace talks without a serious U.S. offer and agreed to bring up the issue
to the UN Security Council.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 15
Two suicide attacks in southeastern Iran on Wednesday claimed several lives and
wounded some others, local media reported.
Lebanon's factions fail to reach consensus over "false witnesses"
Lebanon's cabinet failed once again on Wednesday to secure consensus over the
controversial issue of the so-called "false witnesses."
Dollar at lower 84 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 84 yen level early Thursday in Tokyo.
Up to 50 asylum seekers feared dead in boat tragedy in Australia
Australian authorities on Thursday feared more than 50 suspected asylum seekers
were drowned, after their wooden boat smashed onto rocks on Christmas Island,
off the north-west coast of Australia on Wednesday.
Australia's new cancer cases up, deaths down: report
Cancer incidence has increased in Australia over the past 25 years but mortality
has declined due to advances in detection and treatment, latest figures from the
Australian Institute of Health and Welfare (AIHW) showed on Thursday.
Urgent: Missing plane found crashed in Nepal
The Tara Air aircraft that went out of contact immediately after take off from
Lamidanda on Wednesday has been found crashed at the Gauriban of Okhaldunga
district on Thursday.
1st LD: Missing plane found crashed in eastern Nepal
The Tara Air aircraft that went out of contact immediately after take-off from
Lamidanda on Wednesday afternoon has been found crashed at the Gauriban of
Okhaldunga district at a forest area in eastern Nepal, said an army spokesman on
Thursday.
S. Korea names new presidential defense secretary
The assistant chief of the South Korea-U.S. Combined Forces Command has been
named as the new defense secretary of President Lee Myung-bak, Lee's office
Cheong Wa Dae said Thursday.
Philippine remittances rise 9.3 pct in Oct.
Money sent home by Filipinos abroad reached its highest monthly level this year
in October.
Australian consumers expect inflation to fall: survey
Australia's consumers expect inflation to fall in the next 12 months, a survey
by Melbourne Institute (MI) of Applied Economic and Social Research showed on
Thursday.
Smokers 7 times more likely to get cancer than non-smokers: study
A recent study by the National University of Singapore (NUS) showed that smokers
are seven times more likely than non-smokers to get lung cancer.
Roundup: Myanmar launches largest hydropower plant to fulfil
electricity demand
By Feng Yingqiu
Dollar at lower 84 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 84 yen level Thursday morning in Tokyo.
Property sector accounts for 51 pct of Singapore banks' loans
Singapore banks' exposure to the property sector has doubled from 24 percent of
total loans in 1991 to 51 percent as at September 2010, but banks in Singapore
face low risks of default.
2nd LD Writethru: Missing plane found crashed in E. Nepal
The remains of a Twin Otter aircraft belonging to Tara Air, which went missing
Wednesday afternoon with 22 people aboard, have been recovered at a village in
Okhaldhunga district in eastern Nepal Thursday morning.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,698.58 points Thursday 50.81 points
higher from previous close of 19,647.77 points on growth of software outsourcing
chips
Australian acting PM describes refugee boat crash as tragic
Australian Acting Prime Minister Wayne Swan described the asylum seekers boat
crash on Wednesday as tragic.
New Zealand to intervene in anti-whaling court case: Australian
FM
Australia on Wednesday welcomed New Zealand's decision to intervene in an
international court case against Japanese whaling, and described it as a
tactical move.
Indonesian VP inaugurates permanent seedbed for reforestation
Indonesian Vice President Boediono on Wednesday inaugurated a permanent seedbed
for reforestation and planted a tree in the commemoration of the National
Planting Month in Depok City of West Java province.
Roundup: Pakistan faces political crisis as coalition partner
quits
A major partner in the ruling coalition of Pakistan  government Tuesday
announced that it is parting ways with the government after the prime minister
sacked a federal minister of the party.
NATO soldier killed in blast in southern Afghanistan
A soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) was
killed in an explosion Wednesday in Afghanistan's restive southern region, ISAF
said in a statement.
Indonesia surpasses target of planting 1 billion trees in 2010
Indonesian Forestry Minister Zulkifli Hasan on Wednesday said that the country
has surpassed the target of planting 1 billion trees in 2010 stated by President
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono earlier this year.
South Korea nominates new Army chief
South Korea's Third Army commander Gen. Kim Sang-ki was nominated as the new
Army chief, the defense ministry said Wednesday.
PTTEP acknowledges oil spill in Timor Sea: Indonesian minister
Thailand-based oil and gas producer PTTEP Australasia has finally acknowledged
responsibility for an oil spill in the Timor Sea occurred last year, local media
reported Wednesday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 15
At least 28 people, including 24 women and four children, drowned when the
vehicle they were traveling skidded off the road and plunged into a lake in the
southern Indian city of Mysore Tuesday evening, reported Press Trust of India
Wednesday.
China Industry Expo opens in Myanmar's Yangon
A Chinese expo -- China Industry Expo (Myanmar) -- was inaugurated at the
Tatmadaw Hall in Myanmar' s former capital of Yangon Wednesday to promote
Chinese brands in the Myanmar market and bilateral economic and trade
cooperation.
Yearender: ASEAN moves towards one community vision on firm base
By Han Qiao
Urgent: 10 soldiers killed in ambush in central Philippines:
military
Ten government soldiers were killed in an ambush by suspected leftist rebels in
the central Philippine province of Samar on Tuesday, the central command of the
Armed Forces of the Philippines said Wednesday.
S. Korea's trade surplus sharply drops in November
South Korea's trade surplus made a sharp drop from the previous month in
November mainly due to rising raw material prices, the nation's customs office
said Wednesday.
1st LD: 10 soldiers killed in ambush in C. Philippines: military
Ten government soldiers were killed in an ambush by suspected leftist rebels in
the central Philippine province of Samar Tuesday afternoon, the central command
of the Armed Forces of the Philippines said Wednesday.
Official death toll of Australian boat crash yet available:
police
A boat reportedly carrying up to 70 asylum seekers, including women and
children, struck the cliffs Wednesday morning. Australian Federal Police (AFP)
said no official figure of deaths is available at the moment.
2 Afghan civilians killed as troops, militants exchange fire:
official
Two civilians were killed when security forces and Taliban insurgents came in
contact in Imam Sahib district of the northern Kunduz province, a local official
said Wednesday.
S. Korea's jobless rate stands at 3 percent in November
South Korea's job market showed signs of stabilization in November, with the
jobless rate falling from the previous month, as well as a year ago, a
government report showed Wednesday.
3 injured asylum seekers to be airlifted to Perth hospital in
Western Australia
Three injured asylum seekers will be airlifted to a Perth hospital in Western
Australia on Wednesday after suffering head and abdominal injuries when their
boat struck rocks off Christmas Island of Australia.
2nd LD Writethru: 10 soldiers killed, 2 others wounded in ambush
in C. Philippines: military
Ten government soldiers were killed in an ambush by suspected leftist rebels in
the central Philippine province of Northern Samar Tuesday afternoon, the central
command of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) said Wednesday.
Roundup: S. Korea's KOSPI continues to surge on foreign buying
Seoul shares closed sharply up Wednesday on the back of strong foreign buying,
continuing to soar after breaking the 2,000-mark for the first time in three
years, local analysts said.
Roundup: Philippine stock market goes down Wednesday on bleak
jobless report
The Philippine market failed to sustain Tuesday's rally, tumbling by 1.4 percent
on Wednesday as foreign investors continue to dump their shares following a
bleak jobless report.
Urgent: Explosion rocks Kandahar in south Afghanistan
An explosion rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan on
Wednesday, with casualties feared, police said.
New Zealand designates another three as terrorist groups
A further three organizations have been designated as international terrorist
groups under New Zealand's Terrorism Suppression Act.
1st LD Writethru: Bicycle bomb kills 3 civilians, wounds 6 in
south Afghanistan
An explosion rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan on
Wednesday, killing at least three civilians and wounding six others, provincial
police chief said.
Roundup: 10 soldiers killed in ambush in C. Philippines: military
Ten government soldiers and a nine- year-old boy were killed and two other
soldiers were wounded in an ambush by suspected leftist rebels in the central
Philippine province of Northern Samar Tuesday, the central command of the Armed
Forces of the Philippines (AFP) said Wednesday.
JP Morgan report raises concerns over coal seam gas industry in
Queensland
The multi-billion-dollar coal seam gas (CSG) projects in Australia's Queensland
have significant water risks, an unknown impact from growth and potential risk
to public safety, according to a report by one of the world's leading investment
banks, JP Morgan released on Wednesday.
S. Korea stages nationwide civil defense drill amid tensions
South Korea staged a nationwide civil defense drill Wednesday amid heightened
tensions on the Korean peninsula following the deadly shelling of Yeonpyeong
Island by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) last month.
Vietnam's catfish to be removed from WWF's red list
Mark Powell, World Wildlife Fund ( WWF) global seafood coordinator said
Wednesday WWF will immediately remove Vietnamese catfish out of the Red List in
WWF Guide Handbook for seafood consumption in 2010-2011.
More opposition parliamentarians may be suspended
A motion to suspend three opposition members of parliament (MP) has been listed
in Wednesday 's order paper of the House of Representative of the Malaysian
Parliament here.
Singapore private home sales increase in November
Sales of private home properties here continued its rebound in November with
1,909 private homes sold in the month, official data showed on Wednesday.
Singapore shares end 0.94 pct lower
The shares prices in Singapore fell 29.71 points or 0.94 percent on Wednesday
with the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,147.2 points.
Roundup: Nikkei closes flat on mixed U.S. economic cues, profit-
taking
Tokyo stocks remained largely flat Wednesday, with the key Nikkei stock index
edging down 0.07 percent as strong U.S. retail data and a muted economic
statement by the Federal Reserve sent mixed messages about the health of the
U.S. economy.
Dollar trades near 84 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar extended gains and traded near the 84 yen mark in Tokyo on
Wednesday.
Fijian PM pledges to rally anti-drug operations
Fiji's Prime Minister Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama on Wednesday threw his full
support behind the Fiji Police Drug Unit's operations.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 15
Ten government soldiers were killed in an ambush by suspected leftist rebels in
the central Philippine province of Northern Samar Tuesday afternoon, the central
command of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) said Wednesday.
Thai PM urges greater regional cooperation among Asia, Middle
East members
Inter-regional cooperation is a crucial factor for the countries in Asia and
Middle East to overcome economic, financial, environmental and security
challenges they are facing, Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said on
Wednesday while presiding over the opening ceremony of AMED III.
Yearender: Adamant stance of parties pushes Nepal into political
stalemate
By Sweta Baniya
At least 27 suspected asylum seekers reportedly die in boat crash
At least 27 suspected asylum seekers have died after their boat smashed against
rocks on Christmas Island of Australia, according to the latest report from
Australian authorities.
Indian stocks close down 0.76 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex lost 151.42 points or 0.76 percent Wednesday
on losses of surrounding bourses.
Most Thais oppose pay rise for lawmakers
A poll reveals on Wednesday that most of the Thail people agree to an increase
of the salaries of government officials but disagree to giving MPs and senators
a pay rise.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 15
Philippine stocks closed 1.4 percent lower on Wednesday. The benchmark
Philippine Stock Exchange index dropped by 58.28 points to 4,089.75. The all-
share index went down by 17. 02 points,or 0.59 percent, to 2,878.52.
Urgent:  Passenger plane missing in eastern Nepal
The 9N-AFX aircraft of Yeti Airlines flying to Nepali capital Kathmandu from
Lamidanda in eastern Nepal is missing Wednesday.
IMF to give Bangladesh 1 bln USD credit next year
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) will give 1 billion U.S. dollars of credit
for Bangladesh next year,the South Asian nation's Finance Minister AMA Muhith
said Wednesday.
20 Taliban militants detained in E. Afghanistan
A cleanup operation conducted by Afghan and NATO-led troops has resulted in
arresting 20 Taliban militants in the country's eastern Ghazni province, a
senior Afghan army officer said Wednesday.
Vietnam hands CPR chairmanship to Indonesia
The Permanent Representative of Vietnam, Ambassador Vu Dang Dung on Wednesday
handed over the Chairmanship of the Committee of Permanent Representatives (CPR)
to ASEAN to the Permanent Representative of Indonesia Ambassador I Gede Ngurah
Swajaya.
Death toll rises to 25 in Bangladesh's garment fire
The death toll in Tuesday's devastating garment factory fire on the outskirts of
the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka has risen to 25, district administration chief
said on Wednesday.
Fake credit card ring busted in Malaysia
The Malaysian police have busted a syndicate that duplicates credit cards and
passports in Penang, a northern state in the west coast of Peninsula Malaysia.
Roundup: More research needed to keep Thailand as world's leading
rice exporter
By Sinfah Tunsarawuth
1st LD: Passenger plane missing in E. Nepal, 22 people on board
A plane belonging to Tara Air that took off from Lamidanda Airport in Khotang
district in eastern Nepal has gone missing on Wednesday afternoon.
Philippine gov't urged to speed up creation of more decent jobs
The Philippine National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA) on Wednesday
urged the government to speed up implementation of policies and programs that
would create more decent and quality employment for Filipinos for the years to
come.
Memorandum submitted on Citibank's oppression in Malaysia
Some 200 members of the Malaysian National Union of Bank Employees (NUBE) have
protested against transnational banking giant Citibank at the U.S. embassy here
on Wednesday.
Bangladesh unveils plans to deal with post-earthquake search,
rescue operation
Bangladeshi government has planned to form three separate teams with Bangladeshi
army to conduct post- earthquake quick effective charge and rescue operation as
earthquakes are often occurred in the country.
Roundup: Foreigners take KSE close to 11,800
By Jawad Hussain
Vietnam, Mongolia vow to enhance trade, investment cooperation
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and Mongolian Parliament Speaker
Damdin Demberel said here Wednesday that Vietnam and Mongolia vow to enhance
cooperation between the two countries in all areas, especially trade and
investment.
4 Cambodian children seriously injured by mine explosion
Four children were seriously injured in a landmine explosion on Wednesday
afternoon when they were playing and hit the mine against the ground.
Roundup: At least 27 suspected refugees die in boat crash off
Australian coast
By Vienna Ma
Conflict mediation helps bring justice closer to Cambodia's poor
Using mediation as an out-of- court means to solve civic conflicts has helped to
reduce hardships for many Cambodians living in the countryside, according to a
statement released Wednesday by the United Nations Development Program (UNDP).
Australia transfers prisoners to U.S. forces may violate law:
Amnesty
Amnesty International on Wednesday said Australia could be breaching
international law when it hands suspected Taliban insurgents to U.S. forces and
Afghan authorities.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 15
At least 27 suspected asylum seekers have died after their boat smashed against
rocks on Christmas Island of Australia, according to the latest report from
Australian authorities.
Gbagbo's gov't to audit Cote d'Ivoire's ministries
The government of Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent Laurent Gbagbo, who is fighting over
the presidency with Alassane Ouattara, wants to promote good governance by
carrying out an audit in all ministries, his prime minister has indicated.
Senegal recalls ambassador to Iran amid tensions over weapon
seizure
The Senegalese government has recalled its ambassador to Iran for consultation
over the recent seizure of weapons in Nigeria, which were said to have come from
the Gulf country, according to a statement from the West African country's
Foreign Ministry.
Central African Republic revises defense partnership accord with
France
The parliament of the Central African Republic on Tuesday voted for a law
authorizing the ratification of a revised partnership agreement on defense with
France.
UN to grant Tanzania 773 mln USD in development assistance
The UN-Tanzania Joint Steering Committee has endorsed a budget of 773 million U.
S. dollars for the implementation of 2011-2015 United Nations Development
Assistance Plan in Tanzania, the local media reported on Wednesday.
Ghana inaugurates offshore oil production
Ghana inaugurated its offshore oil production on Wednesday, with President John
Atta Mills turning the oil valves at a ceremony, according to the live broadcast
in the West African country.
Urgent: ICC names Kenya's poll chaos suspects
The International Criminal Court (ICC) on Wednesday named two cabinet ministers,
a former minister, ex-police chief, head of the civil service boss and a
journalist as those who bear the greatest responsibility in Kenya's 2007/08 post
election violence.
UN supports trial of Kenyan's post-election violence suspects
The United Nations has backed the trial of suspects of post-election violence at
The Hague and urged Kenyans to expect fair trial.
WB approves 55 mln USD in extra financing for Kenya's HIV/AIDS
project
The World Bank has approved 55 million U.S. dollars to expand HIV/AIDS
interventions throughout the country.
1st LD Writethru: ICC names Kenya's poll chaos suspects
The International Criminal Court (ICC) Chief Prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo said
Wednesday he will summon six Kenyans whom he suspects of masterminding the
2007/08 post election violence in Kenya.
Roundup: Kenyan leader says post poll suspects not guilty yet
Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki said on Wednesday the six Kenyans whom the
International Criminal Court (ICC) said were behind the country's post election
violence are not guilty yet.
Africa feature: Farm murder renews racial tensions in South
Africa
by Melody Brandon
Africa's Great Lakes countries meet in Zambia on nature
protection
Leaders from a dozen African countries in the Great Lakes region gathered here
on Wednesday to discuss balance between regional development and nature
protection and the fight against illegal exploitation of mining, forest and
other resources.
Libyan leader calls for establishment of African army
Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi has voiced an idea of African unity with an
"African army" and "government.".
CORRECTED: Feature: Farm murder renews racial tensions in South
Africa
by Melody Brandon
Urgent: Nigerian information minister resigns to run for
elections
Nigerian Information Minister Dora Akunyili resigned on Wednesday in a step to
run for elections next year.
1st LD: Nigerian information minister resigns to run for
elections
Nigerian Information Minister Dora Akunyili said on Wednesday she would resign
to run in the elections next year.
2nd LD: Nigerian information minister resigns to run for
elections
Nigerian Information Minister Dora Akunyili said on Wednesday she would resign
to run in the elections next year.
Roundup: South African Editors Forum urges President Zuma to
withdraw complaint
by Melody Brandon
South Africa backs two-track climate plan
South Africa's Water and Environmental Affairs Minister Edna Molewa said on
Wednesday that the country supported a two-track, legally binding outcome for
climate change.
3rd LD: Nigerian information minister resigns to run for
elections
Nigerian Information Minister Dora Akunyili said on Wednesday she would resign
to run in the elections next year.
Roundup: Cote d'Ivoire faces showdown amid opposition plan to
install gov't
Cote d'Ivoire is facing a showdown in the economic capital Abidjan between the
army and the opposition, which is planning a two-day action to take over the
government facilities from incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo.
Roundup: Kenya's ICC suspects claim innocence over post-election
chaos
By Daniel Ooko, Ben Ochieng and David Musyoka
Commercial oil production begins off Ghana
Ghanaian President John Evans Atta Mills pressed the button of the first oil-
producing well off the southwest Ghanaian coast on Wednesday, three years after
the discovery of the oil field by America-based Kosmos Energy.
Zimbabwe rakes in 800 million U.S. dollars from tourism this year
Zimbabwe's tourism sector has this year grossed 800 million U.S. dollars in
earnings, surpassing a record high of 523 million U.S. dollars that the country
earned last year, an official said on Wednesday.
Russian stocks close up
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Wednesday with both key indexes higher
for a third consecutive trading day.
Chrysler recalls 367,350 minivans due to airbag deployment risk
Chrysler Group LLC is recalling 367,350 2008 minivans, as water leaks from the
air conditioning system may cause accidental airbag deployment, according to the
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) on Wednesday.
UN chief voices concern about stalemate after Cote d'Ivoire
elections
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon is "deeply concerned" about the situation in
Cote d'Ivoire, where a contested runoff presidential election has left the
country with two leaders both claiming legitimacy, Ban's spokesman Martin
Nesirky said in a statement issued here Wednesday.
Urgent: UN chief condemns suicide bombing in Iran
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday strongly condemned "abhorrent
terrorist" attack by a suicide bomber at a Shiite religious procession in
Chabahar, Iran, which killed at least 39 people.
2nd LD: China-U.S. trade talks in plenary session
A plenary session of the annual trade talks between China and the United States
opened in Washington D.C. on Wednesday.
U.S. intelligence blasts Afghanistan war: report
The U.S. intelligence community hold the Afghanistan war effort in a negative
light, local media said Wednesday, quoting two new classified intelligence
reports, one day before the Obama administration is to release its review of the
war strategy.
1st Ld: UN chief condemns suicide bombing in Iran
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday strongly condemned "abhorrent
terrorist" attack by a suicide bomber at a Shiite religious procession in
Chabahar, Iran, which killed at least 39 people.
Ukrainian former PM under prosecution
Former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has come under prosecution,
being accused of exceeding her powers as premier "with grave consequences," the
Office of the Prosecutor General said on Wednesday.
1st LD Writethru: Moscow police detain 700 people to prevent
ethnic violence
Police have detained over 700 people across downtown Moscow who gathered near a
railway station and across from the foreign ministry's skyscraper to prevent a
pre- announced street fight, authorities said Wednesday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: UN chief condemns suicide bombing in Iran
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday strongly condemned "abhorrent
terrorist" attack by a suicide bomber at a Shiite religious procession in
Chabahar, Iran, which killed at least 39 people.
U.S. industrial production rises 0.4 percent in November
U.S. industrial production increased 0.4 percent in November, adding a positive
sign of economic growth, the Federal Reserve reported Wednesday.
Pentagon metro temporarily shuts down for suspicious package
The Pentagon metro near U.S. capital Washington was temporarily shut down for
more than an hour Wednesday because of a suspicious package which was later
determined to be of no threat.
1st Ld-Writethru: UN Security Council lifts sanctions against
Iraq
The UN Security Council on Wednesday adopted a resolution to lift the Saddam-era
sanctions against Iraq, which was imposed in 1991.
U.S. consumer prices up slightly in November
Consumer prices in the United States for all urban consumers edged up modestly
in November by 0. 1 percent month on month, indicating the inflation remains
subdued, the U.S. Department of Labor reported on Wednesday.
U.S. stocks lifted by upbeat manufacturing data
U.S. stocks got lifted Wednesday after a weak open as upbeat manufacturing data
offset renewing concerns over European debt problems.
1st LD Writethru: 4 killed in shooting in Spain
A man armed with a rifle shot dead four people in the small town Catalan of La
Canya in Northeastern Spain on Wednesday.
London stock market closes lower
The London stock market closed lower on Wednesday with the leading FTSE 100
index down by 9.03 points, or 0.15 percent, at 5,882.18 points.
British unemployment rate up in three months
The unemployment rate in Britain for the three months to October increased to
7.9 percent comparing with the previous three months to July, the first
quarterly increase since the three months to last April, the Office for National
Statistics (ONS) reported on Wednesday.
Terrorism threats will not suppress reconstruction in Iraq: Biden
Terrorism will not withhold the process of restoring peace, democracy and
reconstruction in Iraq, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said here on Wednesday in
his capacity of the president of the UN Security Council.
Swedish troops to continue to stay in Afghanistan
The Swedish parliament on Wednesday passed a resolution with a vote of 290 in
favor, 20 against and 19 abstentions, allowing Swedish troops to continue to
stay in Afghanistan.
EU lawmakers approve 2011 budget after row
European Union (EU) lawmakers on Wednesday approved 2011 budget for the
27-nation bloc, ending a row with EU member states over spending rise amid the
debt crisis.
Hungarian, Polish FMs to cooperate through 2011 EU presidencies
The foreign ministers of Hungary and Poland, whose countries hold back-to-back
European Union presidencies in 2011, met in Budapest on Wednesday to coordinate
their cooperation plans.
2nd Ld-Writethru: UN Security Council lifts Saddam-era sanctions
against Iraq
The UN Security Council on Wednesday unanimously adopted a draft resolution
lifting Saddam- era restrictions on civilian nuclear development in Iraq, while
also ending several UN mandates in the country.
More U.S. teenagers use marijuana: survey
After nearly a decade in decline, marijuana is making a strong comeback among
U.S. high school seniors, according to a newly released survey.
Urgent: U.S. Senate extends Bush-era tax cuts
The U.S. Senate on Wednesday passed a measure that extends Bush-era tax cuts.
The 858-billion- dollar package now goes to the House of Representatives.
Iraq is making progress towards rejoining international
community: FM
Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said here Wednesday that his country is
making important progress towards democracy and security that will help it
regain the trust of the international community.
U.S. Border Patrol agent killed on U.S.-Mexico border
A U.S. Border Patrol agent was fatally shot in a gunbattle with bandits in
Southern Arizona bordering Mexico, authorities said on Wednesday.
UN chief calls Security Council meeting for Iraq with lifting of
sanctions "Milestone"
As the UN Security Council on Wednesday lifted Saddam-era sanctions against
Iraq, UN Secretary- General Ban Ki-moon said he recognized it as a " milestone"
meeting that shows how "far the country has come in key aspects of its journey."
Employees choose Facebook as best place to work: survey
A latest survey based on employee reviews showed on Wednesday that Facebook
ranks first among the 50 best places to work in 2011 in the United States.
Study links increased BPA exposure to reduced egg quality in
women
A small scale University of California, San Francisco-led study has identified
the first evidence in humans that exposure to bisphenol A (BPA) may compromise
the quality of a woman's eggs retrieved for in vitro fertilization (IVF).
1st Ld: U.S. Senate extends Bush-era tax cuts
The U.S. Senate on Wednesday passed a measure that extends Bush-era tax cuts for
two more years, a compromise struck by President Barack Obama and Congressional
Republicans that also includes extension of unemployment benefits.
U.S. researchers develop rapid diagnostic test for common type of
pneumonia
University of Georgia researchers have developed a technique that can diagnose a
common type of pneumonia within minutes, potentially replacing existing tests
that can take several days for results.
Russian, ROK diplomats discuss situation on Korean peninsula
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexei Borodavkin met with Deputy Foreign
Affairs and Foreign Trade Minister of the Republic of Korea (ROK) Vee Son Nak on
Wednesday on the current situation on the Korean peninsula.
Urgent: Russia launches manned spacecraft
A Russian spaceship with three astronauts on board was launched from the Kazakh
Baikonur space center on Wednesday night, local TV footage showed.
1st Ld: Russia launches manned spacecraft
A Russian spaceship with three astronauts on board was launched from the Kazakh
Baikonur space center on Wednesday night, local TV footage showed.
Roundup: Albanians celebrate free travel to EU, rush across
borders
Albanians on Wednesday happily held their biometric passports as they stepped
across their border to travel for the first time without visas to European Union
countries.
Urgent: U.S. sues BP, others for oil spill
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder on Wednesday announced the government is suing
British oil giant BP and eight others for the massive Gulf of Mexico oil spill
earlier this year.
Urgent: Gold tumbles as dollar moves broadly higher
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange suffered
a major setback on Wednesday, pressured by a bout of U.S. dollar strength
against other major currencies as well as investors' profit-taking.
McDonald's sued for Happy Meal toys
A class action lawsuit was filed against McDonald's here on Wednesday, alleging
that the fast food chain's practice of giving toys with children's meals is
deceptive to children.
1st Ld: U.S. sues BP, others for oil spill
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder on Wednesday announced the government is suing
British oil giant BP and eight others for the massive Gulf of Mexico oil spill
earlier this year, seeking unlimited damages.
HP signs big outsourcing contract with German utility E.ON
Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) on Wednesday announced that it has signed a
1.4-billion-U.S.-dollar infrastructure technology outsourcing services contract
with E.ON, a major German power and gas company.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Russia launches manned spacecraft
A Russian spaceship with three astronauts on board was launched from the Kazakh
Baikonur space center on Wednesday night, local TV footage showed.
Parties of Western Sahara conflict to meet for informal talks
Delegations from Morocco, the Frente Polisario, Algeria and Mauritania will meet
on Thursday for the next round of informal talks on the Western Sahara conflict,
UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters here on Wednesday.
World Bank pledges record 49.3 billion USD fund for poorest
countries
The World Bank's fund for the poorest countries will receive a record funding of
nearly 50 billion U.S. dollars over the next three years, the institution
announced here on Wednesday.
Eurozone employment stable in Q3
Employment in the eurozone was stable in the third quarter of 2010 compared with
the previous three months, the European Union (EU)'s statistics office Eurostat
said on Wednesday.
Feature: Chinese schoolhouse in southern Italy helps children
remember origins
San Giorgio Jonico is a medium-sized town near the southern Italian port city of
Taranto, one of the largest container hubs in the Mediterranean. Here the local
Chinese community has integrated well into the city's social and business life,
running shops, boutiques, restaurants and pharmacies.
Urgent: Oil rises on unexpected U.S. inventories drop
Crude prices rose on Wednesday as U.S. crude oil inventories registered an
unexpected drop last week. Light, sweet crude for January delivery gained 34
cents to 88.62 U. S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
1st Ld-Writethru: Gold tumbles as dollar moves broadly higher
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange suffered
a major setback on Wednesday, pressured by a bout of U.S. dollar strength
against other major currencies as well as investors' profit-taking. Silver and
platinum both retreated.
Trade minister: Canada-EU deal likely
Canada's Minister of International Trade, Peter Van Loan, said Wednesday that
talks between the North American country and the European Union are quickly
moving towards a deal.
2nd Ld-Writethru: U.S. sues BP, others for oil spill
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder on Wednesday announced the government is suing
British oil giant BP and eight others for the massive Gulf of Mexico oil spill
earlier this year, seeking unlimited damages.
Global wage growth down by half on economic crisis: ILO
The global wage growth was cut by half during the financial and economic crisis
in 2008 and 2009, said the International Labor Office (ILO) in a report issued
Wednesday.
Romanian president vows to try best to get Schengen access
Romanian President Traian Basescu said Wednesday he will try his best to attain
Romania's goal of joining the Schengen Area, despite diplomatic offensive of
some countries to delay the process.
Nokia Siemens wins EU approval to buy Motorola's mobile network
Nokia Siemens Networks on Wednesday won approval from the European Union (EU) to
buy the U.S. -based Motorola Network Business.
French first couple treat hundreds of children to early Christmas
party in Elysee Palace
The French first couple, President Nicolas Sarkozy and his wife Carla Bruni-
Sarkozy, welcomed over 900 children in the Elysee Palace for a specially
organized early Christmas Party on Wednesday afternoon.
1st LD Writethru: Crude prices rise on unexpected U.S.
inventories drop
Crude prices rose on Wednesday as U.S. crude oil inventories registered an
unexpected drop last week.
Obama condemns bombing of mosque in Iran
U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday strongly condemned the "outrageous
terrorist attack" on a mosque in southeastern Iran which killed at least 38
people.
Urgent: U.S. stocks close in red on concerns over eurozone debt
crisis
Wall Street pulled back from a two- year high on Wednesday as concerns over the
eurozone debt crisis rose with Moody's warning Spain's debt rating could be
downgraded. All three major indexes slipped at the closing.
China backs UN resolutions on lifting sanctions on Iraq
China on Wednesday voiced its support for the new UN resolutions on lifting
major sanctions against Iraq, and called on all parties in the country to foster
national reconciliation through political dialogue and consultation.
Interview: Expert says with Cancun, UN climate negotiations "off
life support" but "not fully healthy yet"
by Rebekah Mintzer
Rebuilding Iraq vital for regional stability: Turkey
Reconstructing Iraq is of vital importance to securing stability in the region,
Ahmet Davatoglu, the foreign minister of Turkey, said here on Wednesday.
New York City to equip buses with video cameras
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) board approved on Wednesday to
install more than 400 buses in New York City with advanced video surveillance
equipment.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as Moody's may downgrade Spain's debt rating
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Wednesday as the euro fell after Moody's said it might downgrade Spain's debt
rating.
Some 48 million Americans sickened by food poisoning each year:
CDC
Food poisoning sickens some 48 million people, or one in every six Americans
every year, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported
on Wednesday.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. stocks fall as European debt worries
offset positive data
U.S. stocks on Wednesday pulled back from a two-year high as investors raised
concerns over the eurozone debt crisis despite improving U.S. economic data.
UN chief meets with U.S. vice president on Iraq
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon met here on Wednesday with U.S. Vice President
Joseph Biden to discuss the day's UN Security Council meeting on Iraq as well as
other global issues, according to a UN readout.
White House slams "hypocritical" Republicans for delaying passage
of nuclear treaty
White House on Wednesday slammed some Republican senators as hypocrites for
purposely delaying the approval of the new START treaty with Russia in the
Senate.
Man gets life sentence in JFK Airport bomb plot
A man convicted of plotting to blow up fuel tanks at New York's John F. Kennedy
Airport was sentenced to life in prison on Wednesday.
UN chief meets Iraqi foreign minister
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon and Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari met
here on Wednesday to discuss a range of issues.
Chicago corn drifts lower after hitting 5-week high
Chicago corn futures moved moderately lower after hitting a five-week high
earlier in the session, undermined by a bout of dollar strength.
Canadian stocks fall for second day
The Canadian stocks fell on Wednesday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index closed
down 51.01 points, or 0.38 percent, at 13,229.07.
British government announces plan to scrap aircraft carrier
The British government announced on Wednesday that it would scrap an aircraft
carrier in 2014.
U.S. House votes to repeal military gay ban
The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday voted to repeal a Clinton-era ban
on gays and lesbians to serve openly in the military, allowing the issue to be
taken up again by the Senate, which rejected the bid earlier this month.
News Corp. eyes education technologies market
Media conglomerate News Corp. has entered the race for next-generation education
technologies, according to media reports on Wednesday.
Revamped U.S. foreign policy approach focuses on development
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Wednesday unveiled a revamped U.S.
foreign policy approach to focus more on development to adapt to a " changing
world of rising powers."
Violent protests cost Rome at least 20 million euros
Parts of Rome were still smoldering on Wednesday after protests against the
paper-thin victory in the parliamentary confidence vote for Italian Prime
Minister Silvio Berlusconi turned violent on Tuesday.
Roundup: U.S. stocks fall as European debt worries offset
positive data
The U.S. stocks on Wednesday pulled back from a two-year high as investors
became more concerned about the eurozone debt crisis despite improving U.S.
economic data.
Twitter raises 200 million dollars in new funding
Twitter has raised 200 million U.S. dollars of new funding, a big financial
boost for the microblogging service, U.S. media reported on Wednesday.
EBay buys mobile application developer Critical Path
EBay on Wednesday announced that it has bought Critical Path Software, a mobile
application developer, in the latest move to strengthen its position in the
rapidly growing field of mobile commerce.
McDonald's to expand in China with 200 new stores in next three
years
McDonald's announced on Wednesday that it is planning its biggest expansion in
China by raising its capital spending in China by 40 percent next year and
opening 200 new stores in the next three years.
Chrysler recalls more than 367,000 minivans due to airbag
deployment risk
Chrysler is recalling more than 367,000 minivans to fix a potential water leak
in the vehicles' air conditioning systems that may cause accidental air bag
deployments.
Austrian enterprises financing recovers: OeNB report
The internal financing strength of Austrian enterprises has improved this year
but corporate investments still lag, according to a financial stability report
issued by Austrian National Bank (OeNB) on Wednesday.
Chinese premier confers friendship awards to Indian nationals
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao presented here Wednesday the China-India Friendship
Contribution Award to several Indians who have contributed to the development of
bilateral ties between the two countries.
Chinese premier says Sino-Indian relations important to world
peace, development
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said here Wednesday that the relationship between
China and India not only benefits the two peoples, but also is of great
significance to peace and development in Asia and the world as a whole.
"China-India friendship," Chinese premier tells teenagers in
India with calligraphy
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao taught students here on Wednesday with
traditional Chinese calligraphy to send a message of China-India friendship.
Ecuadorian interior minister announces resignation
Ecuadorian Interior Minister Gustavo Jalkh on Wednesday officially announced his
resignation from his post.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 16
The UN Security Council on Wednesday adopted a resolution to lift the Saddam-era
sanctions against Iraq, which were imposed in 1991.
Fisker Automotive to sell electric cars in China
The California-based premium electric vehicle manufacturer Fisker Automotive is
ready to sell its environment-friendly low carbon-emission cars in China next
fall, the company announced on Wednesday.
Yearender: Momentous megatrends steer post-crisis world into new
landscape
by Xinhua writers Bao Erwen, Chen Zhi, Deng Yushan
U.S., Mexican border officials call for less violence
Mexican and U.S. officials concluded a meeting Wednesday with a call to reduce
violence and make trade more efficient at the border, Mexico's Foreign Ministry
said in a statement.
Death toll from Colombian mudslide reaches 74
A total of 74 bodies has been found under the mud that buried a neighborhood in
Bello, northwestern Colombia, 10 days ago, Bello's Mayor Oscar Andres Perez said
Wednesday.
China hopes for rapid U.S. economic recovery: commerce minister
China hopes that the U.S. economy could recover as soon as possible because it
is important to the whole world, Chinese Commerce Minister Chen Deming said
Wednesday.
China calls for U.S. to relax high-tech export control to China
China hopes that the United States could relax its export control on high-tech
products, and such a move  will benefit both sides, Chinese Commerce Minister
Chen Deming said on Wednesday.
Australian foreign minister visits Brazil
Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd would visit Brazil from Dec. 15 to 17 at
the invitation of his Brazilian counterpart Celso Amorim, authorities said
Wednesday.
Mexican president rewards anti-kidnapping campaigner
Mexican President Felipe Calderon awarded a prize to Isabel Miranda, a mother
who led a campaign against kidnapping, at a ceremony on Wednesday.
Presidents of Ecuador, Colombia meet for first time since
restoring diplomatic ties
Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa on Wednesday arrived in Colombia to meet with
his Colombian counterpart Juan Manuel Santos, following more than two years of
severed diplomatic ties between the two countries.
Former Panamanian leader's daughters request his extradition from
France
Two daughters of former Panamanian leader Manuel Antonio Noriega Wednesday asked
President Ricardo Martinelli to facilitate their father's extradition from
France to Panama.
Austria's wealth gap widens
The wealth gap between rich and poor in Austria is growing, as most of the real
estate and securities go to less than 20 percent of the population, a government
report said  Wednesday.
Spanish courts take on murder case against former guatemalan
minister
Spanish judges have taken up the prosecution of Carlos Vielmann Montes, former
Guatemalan interior minister, on charges of murder and conspiracy, news reaching
here said on Wednesday.
Backgrounder: Major events in eurozone debt crisis
European Union (EU) leaders are expected to finalize a deal on establishing a
permanent crisis resolution mechanism in the eurozone when they meet here
Thursday and Friday.
News Analysis: Berlusconi's narrow win causes chaos, uncertainty
Parts of Rome were smoldering Wednesday after protests against the razor-thin
parliamentary vote that left controversial Italian Prime Minister Silvio
Berlusconi in office erupted into violence.
France's electricity consumption hits record high
France's electricity consumption hit a record of 94,200 megawatts Tuesday
evening due to a cold wave, Reseau de Transport d'Electricte, the transmission
system operator, said.
U.S.-China trade talks bring mutually beneficial results: U.S.
Commerce Secretary
The annual trade talks between the United States and China have led to "great
outcome," and will benefit both countries, U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Locke
said on Wednesday.
Cuban leader meets Nauru president on bilateral ties
President of the Republic of Nauru, Marcus Stephen, described his talks with
Cuban leader Raul Castro as successful, Cuba's official daily Granma said
Tuesday.
Brazilian FM downplays influence of WikiLeaks on world diplomacy
WikiLeaks has no influence on world diplomacy because it has a "strong taste of
gossip," and does not cause concern in the Brazilian government, Brazilian
Foreign Minister Celso Amorim said Wednesday.
News Analysis: DREAM act no green light for immigration overhaul
by Matthew Rusling
Roundup: China-U.S. trade talks produce positive outcomes
The annual trade talks between China and the United States have produced
"positive outcomes," with a host of bilateral agreements signed, visiting
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan said on Wednesday.
Global economy to continue modest growth in 2011: Merrill Lynch
Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research said on Tuesday that 2011 will see
modest global economic growth.
Interview: PM says Pakistan looks forward to Chinese premier's
visit
by Yangtze Yan
Feature: Rare fossil of dinosaur ancestor unearthed in Texas
by Chen Yu
Panamanian gov't sends relief materials to rain-hit east
The Panamanian government continued on Tuesday to send relief materials to three
eastern provinces affected by heavy rains, the National System of Civil
Protection (Sinaproc) said.
Interview: EU should preempt rescue of Portugal, Spain: expert
The European Union (EU) should launch a preemptive rescue of Portugal and Spain
to prevent sovereign debt crises from spreading, an expert said Tuesday.
Sixteen indicted in U.S. on child porn charges
Sixteen individuals who were allegedly involved in the online production and
trade of child pornography materials were indicted by federal prosecutors in Los
Angeles, authorities said Tuesday.
U.S. trade problem multilateral not bilateral: Morgan Stanley
chief
"There is no bilateral fix for a multilateral trade balance," Morgan Stanley
Asia chairman Stephen Roach said here Tuesday, referring to the U.S. government
blaming China's currency policy for its trade deficit and high unemployment.
Gender gap remains wide in Brazilian wages
Women's share in the total volume of wages in Brazil remains low, indicating a
wide gender gap, the Institute of Applied Economic Research (IPEA) said Tuesday.
Global Trade Center project kicks off in California
U.S. and Chinese investors announced here Tuesday that 200 million U.S. dollars
would be invested in a unique trade service provider that will help Chinese
manufacturers sell their products directly in the United States.
Chinese vice premier meets U.S.treasury secretary on economic
cooperation
Visiting Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan met with U.S. Treasury Secretary
Timothy Geithner here Tuesday to discuss the global economic situation and boost
bilateral economic cooperation.
IBD to finance "green" hotels in Latin America
The Inter-American Development Bank (IBD) said Tuesday it would provide 42
million U.S. dollars in long-term loans to finance the construction of eight
"green" hotels in Latin America.
Cuba, Kiribati sign cooperation agreements
HAVANA, Dec. 14 (Xinhua)-- Cuban Vice Foreign Minister Marcos Rodriguez Costa
and Kiribati Foreign Minister Tessie Eria Lambourne signed an agreement Tuesday
to boost bilateral cooperation.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 15
A boat carrying 70 asylum seekers crashed into cliffs at Christmas Island of
Australia early Wednesday, The West Australian reported.
Chinese vice premier meets senior U.S. officials on economic ties
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan met U.S. National Security Adviser Tom Donilon
and Director of the U.S. National Economic Council Lawrence Summers at the White
House Tuesday on China-U.S. economic relations and issues of common concern.
Urgent: Chinese premier arrives in India for visit
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrived here Wednesday for an official visit to
India, in which Wen is expected to hold talks with Indian leaders on bilateral
ties and cooperation as well as on international and regional issues of common
concern.
1st LD: Chinese premier arrives in India for visit
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrived here Wednesday for an official visit to
India, in which Wen to hold talks with Indian leaders on bilateral ties and
cooperation as well as on international and regional issues of common concern.
Brazil's Petrobras buys back 30 pct stake in Refap refinery
Brazil's state-owned oil and gas giant, Petrobras, announced Tuesday it had
reacquired 30 percent of Alberto Pasqualini Refinery S.A. (Refap) from Repsol
YPF for 850 million U.S. dollars.
2nd LD: Chinese premier arrives in India for visit
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao started his official visit to India here Wednesday in
a bid to boost political mutual trust and understanding while cementing
cooperation in economy and trade between the two neighboring countries.
London stock market down moderately in early trade
London stock market opened lower moderately on Wednesday, with the leading FTSE
100 index down 24.96 points at 5,866.25 points in early trade.
Russia's MICEX starts ruble-yuan trading
Russia's Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange (MICEX) on Wednesday officially
launched ruble-yuan trading.
Russia raises oil export duties
Starting from Jan. 1, Russia would raise its oil export duties by 4.5 percent,
from the current 303.8 U.S. dollars  per ton to 317.5 dollars per ton, said an
official from Russian Finance Ministry Wednesday.
NASA spacecraft spots potential ice volcano on Saturn moon
U.S. scientists Tuesday said they had found possible ice volcanoes on Saturn's
giant moon, Titan, at an American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco.
France hopes to sell Rafale to Brazil shortly: defense minister
French Defense Minister Alain Jupe said Wednesday France has "great hopes" of
selling the Rafale combat aircraft to Brazil and expected the Latin American
country's order would come in the coming weeks.
Georgians leave for Geneva Talks with Russians
A Georgian delegation led by the country's national security council chief left
here Wednesday for the next round of the Geneva Talks in the namesake Swiss city
on security and stability in the South Caucasus.
Swedish central bank raises repo rate to 1.25 percent
Riksbank, the Swedish Central Bank, Wednesday raised its repo rate by 0.25
percentage points to 1.25 percent, the bank said in a statement.
Chinese, Chilean presidents celebrate 40th anniversary of
diplomatic ties
Chinese President Hu Jintao exchanged congratulatory messages Wednesday with
Chilean counterpart Sebastian Pinera to mark the 40th anniversary of diplomatic
ties between the two countries.
Interview: Ancient Chinese ant remedy could help Africa's
farmers: Danish expert
by Devapriyo Das
5.9-magnitude quake hits Kepulauan Barat Daya, Indonesia -- USGS
An earthquake measuring 5.9 on the Richter scale jolted Kepulauan Barat Daya in
Indonesia at 11:29:31 GMT on Wednesday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
London stock market down slightly by midday
The London stock market fell slightly by midday on Wednesday with the leading
FTSE 100 index down 18.54 points at 5,872.67 points at noon.
France finds it difficult to contact AQIM for hostage release
France finds it difficult to contact the Al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic
Maghreb (AQIM) in its efforts to gain the release of five kidnapped nationals,
Defense Minister Alain Jupe said Wednesday.
Backgrounder: Major events in development of China-India ties
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao started an official visit to India on Wednesday to
build trust and improve relations between the two nations.
Man reportedly kills four people in Spain
Police say they have arrested a man suspected of fatally shooting four people in
a town in northeastern Spain.
Roundup: EU eyes permanent mechanism to manage future debt crisis
by Xinhua writer Liu Xiaoyan"
Urgent: China-U.S. trade talks in plenary session
A plenary session of the annual trade talks between China and the United States
opened in Washington D.C. on Wednesday
China, India cooperative partners, not rivals: Premier Wen Jiabao
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Wednesday stressed that China and India are
cooperative partners instead of rivals, calling for efforts to further enhance
bilateral trade links and jointly fight protectionism.
Moody's considers further downgrading of Spain's credit
Ratings agency Moody's on Wednesday warned that it was considering downgrading
Spain's debt rating as a result of the country's high funding needs and troubled
banks.
U.N. envoy reports progress in Cyprus reunification talks
NICOSIA, Dec. 15 (Xinhua)-- A U.N. envoy said Wednesday that Greek and Turkish
Cypriot leaders have advanced in their talks to reunite the divided island.
Violence again erupts during general strike in Athens
Protesters fought with police across Athens on Wednesday during a general strike
over the government's latest austerity measures.
Moscow police detain 150 people to prevent ethnic violence
Moscow police have detained some 150 people who gathered near a railway station
and across from the foreign ministry's skyscraper ahead of a pre-announced
street fight, authorities said Wednesday
1st LD: China-U.S. trade talks unveils plenary session
The plenary session of the annual trade talks between China and the United
States opened here Wednesday.
Spain's consumer prices continue rising in November
The overall consumer prices indices in Spain rose by 0.5 percent to 110.3 in
November, official statistics showed Wednesday.
Chinese premier urges stronger trade links with India
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Wednesday said China and India should fully tap
the potential for bilateral trade and boost balanced trade development.
U.S. stocks pressured by renewed concerns about Europe
U.S. stocks were under pressure in early trading on Wednesday after ratings
sgency Moody's threatened a Spanish downgrade, renewing worries about the
European debt problem.
Preventive measures should be taken against Islamist extremism:
Swedish minister
Preventive measures should be taken concerning violence-promoting Islamist
extremism and radicalization in Sweden, Democracy Minister Birgitta Ohlsson said
Wednesday.
Russian, Serbian FMs sign strategic declaration
The Russian and Serbian foreign ministers on Wednesday signed a series of
documents, including a joint strategic declaration.
Russia's GDP, inflation growth disappointing: ministry
The Economic Development Ministry on Wednesday lowered the annual growth rate
for Russia's Gross Domestic Product for 2010.
Ukraine reduces winter crops planting by 9 percent
Ukraine's state statistic committee said Wednesday the country has reduced the
planting of winter crops by 9.1 percent.
Eiffel Tower closed due to unexpected staff strike
The Eiffel Tower, one of Paris'favorite tourist spots, was closed Wednesday
because of an unexpected strike by staff employees.
U.S. Congress approval rating hits all-time low: poll
Americans' satisfaction with Congress has hit an all-time low, with only 13
percent saying they approve of the way their representatives are doing their
jobs, according to a Gallup poll released Wednesday.
Obama urges Kenya to cooperate with post-election violence probe
U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday urged Kenya's leaders and its people to
"cooperate fully" with an International Criminal Court investigation after the
court named six suspects alleged to have participated in post-election violence
in 2007/08.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 15
A U.N. envoy said Wednesday that Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders have advanced
in their talks to reunite the divided island.
Interview: Berlusconi would win again in March elections,
professor says
by Marzia De Giuli
Roundup: Chinese premier calls for enhanced cooperation, trade
with India
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Wednesday called for further promotion of
bilateral cooperation and trade links with India.
MCC World Cricket Committee plans to use lie detectors to fight
corruption
The Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) World Cricket Committee met in Australia, and
said on Wednesday it has discussed the introduction of lie detector tests for
players suspected of corruption.
Sevilla draws against Dortmund to reach last 32 of Europa League
First half goals from Romaric and Freddy Kanoute gave Sevilla a 2-2 draw at home
to Borussia Dortmund that allows the Spanish side to reach the knockout phase of
the Europa League.
Weather worries as South African cricketers brace for India
India, the world's top ranked Test cricket side, take on their nearest rivals,
South Africa, at SuperSport Park in Centurion, near Pretoria on Thursday.
Suspended soccer boss challenges South African authority
Phil Mogodi, president of the Soweto Local Football Association (SLFA), on
Wednesday challenged the South African Football Association (SAFA) to release
all the charges against him.
Gremio invites TP Mazembe to play in new stadium
Eduardo Antonini, president of Brazilian soccer club Gremio, said on Wednesday
that he is willing to invite African champions TP Mazembe to play the inaugural
match in their newly-built stadium, the Arena do Gremio.
Corinthians want to sign Brazilian striker Adriano from Roma
Corinthians is close to sign striker Adriano from AS Roma for next seaon, the
newly elected president of the Brazilian soccer club said on Wednesday.
Pakistan to hold nationwide tennis championships
Pakistan Clay Court Tennis Championship will start in Islamabad on Dec. 25,
Pakistan Tennis Federation (PTF) president Syed Kaleem Imam confirmed on
Wednesday.
Deportivo coach Lotina wants New Year signings
Deportivo la Coruna coach Miguel Angel Lotina said this Wednesday that he had
prepared his wish list of players that he wants the club to sign when the
transfer market opens in January.
Basque national team to return this Christmas
The Basque national football team "Euskadi" will return to action during the
Christmas holidays after not playing a match last season.
Getafe coach Michel's job is secure, says club President
Getafe president Angel Torres this Wednesday confirmed that coach Michel
Gonzalez is in no danger of losing his job in the near future.
Inter Milan reach Club World Cup final
Inter Milan defeated Asian champion Seongnam Ilhwa 3-0 for the Club World Cup
final on Wednesday.
Hong Kong Asiad medalists awarded record high 10.3 mln HK dollars
The Hong Kong, China athletes, winning a total of 40 medals at the Guangzhou
Asian Games, were awarded record high 10.3 million HK dollars (about 1.33
million U.S. dollars) here on Wednesday under the Hang Seng Athlete Incentive
Awards Scheme.
China breaks women's 4x200 metres freestyle relay short course
world record
China broke the women's 4x200 meters freestyle relay short course world record
at FINA World Short Course Championships on Wednesday.
Emojong wins Ugandan national chess championship
Elijah Emojong and Phiona Mutesi have won the men's and women's titles in the
second Ugandan Rwabushenyi Memorial Chess Championships, local media reported on
Wednesday.
Egypt finishes 2010 in No.9 of FIFA world rankings
Egypt finished the World Cup year in the 9th place in the December edition of
the FIFA world rankings, the highest among all African and Arab teams.
Atletico-PR sign teenage midfielder Jenison
Brazilian soccer club Atletico-PR on Wednesday confirmed thay have signed 19
-year-old midfielder Jenison from third division side Paysandu on a four- year
contract.
Weather worries as South African cricketers brace for India
India, the world's top ranked Test cricket side, take on their nearest
challengers South Africa at SuperSport Park in Centurion, near Pretoria, on
Thursday.
Brazil and Canada draw in women's soccer tournament
Host Brazil and Canada drew 0-0 in the last match of the Sao Paulo City
Tournament round- robin phase on Wednesday.
Suspended football boss challenges South African authority
Phil Mogodi, president of the Soweto Local Football Association (SLFA), on
Wednesday challenged the South African Football Association (SAFA) to release
all the charges they levelled against him.
Platini urges Ukraine to unite efforts for Euro 2012
A new scandal erupted in Ukrainian football after the Congress of Football
Federation (FFU) was closed due to disorder in the hall.
Lassana Diarra refuses to rule out Real Madrid exit
Real Madrid's French international midfielder Lassana Diarra this Wednesday
refused to rule out leaving the club in the near future.
IRB tournament director inspects Georgian junior worlds
facilities
A senior member on the International Rugby Board (IRB) on Wednesday started an
inspection in Tbilisi about the city's rugby facilities and its preparation for
the 2011 Junior Rugby World Trophy Tournament.
Libyan national football team to train in China
Libya's national soccer team will fly to China in January to prepare for the
2012 African Cup of Nations (ACN), the Tunisian official press agency TAP
reported on Wednesday.
Corinthians claim Adriano, Palmeiras and Flamengo show interest
The newly elected director of soccer at Corinthians Roberto de Andrade announced
on Wednesday an agreement with Adriano for the 2011 season.
Francis shows up in Beijing's win at CBA league
Steve Francis showed up on Wednesday for 23 seconds in his new team Beijing
Ducks' 116-107 win over Qingdao Doublestar at the Chinese Basketball Association
league (CBA) here.
Gremio interested in receiving TP Mazembe-DRC
RIO DE JANEIRO, Dec. 15 (Xinhua)-- The newly elected president of Gremio Eduardo
Antonini announced on Wednesday that he is interested in having TP Mazembe
inaugurate the club's new stadium in 2012, the Arena do Gremio.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 15
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 15:
1st LD-Writethru-China Focus: As cold snap expands, is another
disastrous winter  coming to China?
China's National Meteorological Center alerted central and southeast China to a
blizzard on Wednesday as a bitter cold front kept expanding southward,
enveloping China in snow and record-low temperatures.
Officials punished over abuse of mentally ill workers in
northwest China's Xinjiang
Five government officials were punished Wednesday due to the abuse of mentally
ill workers in a factory in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region,
said the local government.
China issues stricter codes of work ethics, conduct for judges
BEIJING, Dec. 15 (Xinhua) - Judges in China are now required to behave
China's yuan weakens to 6.6635 per USD Thursday
The value of yuan weakened as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6635 per U.S. dollar Thursday, compared with Wednesday's
6.6566, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
Chinese shares open mixed Thursday
Chinese shares opened mixed Thursday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index down 0.09 percent to 2,908.86 at the opening.
China stock index futures open lower Thursday
China's stock index futures opened lower Thursday. The contract for settlement
in December, the most actively traded, opened 5.2 points lower at 3,255.8.
ChiNext Index opens lower Thursday
ChiNext stocks declined 0.18 percent, or 2.18 points, to open at 1,209.62 points
Thursday.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 103 HK dollars to open at 12,790 HK
dollars per tael on Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
Hong Kong stocks open lower -- Dec. 16
Hong Kong stocks moved down 25.57 points, or 0.11 percent, to open at 22,949.78
on Thursday.
Xinhua Insight: Detained asylum owner tells story of adopting
mentally ill workers
By Xinhua Writers Pan Ying, Yang Sanjun, Bai Xu and Xia Xiao
Chinese shares close higher at midday Thursday
China's stocks closed higher in the morning trading session Thursday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up 0.2 percent to 2,917.21.
China Economic News in Brief: Novozymes'investment in Tianjin;
Jiangxi foreign trade;  Beijing tourism; Toyota's Jiangsu project
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.71 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved down 165.78 points, or 0.71 percent, to close Wednesday's
morning session at 23,265.41 points.
Mainland calls for resident media bureaus across Taiwan Strait
The Chinese mainland Wednesday called for the early establishment of resident
media bureaus across the Taiwan Strait.
Mainland hopes Taiwan opposition party realizes "Taiwan
independence" a "dead end"
The Chinese mainland hopes Taiwan's Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) realizes
"Taiwan independence" is a dead end, a mainland spokesman said Wednesday.
China's stocks close lower Wednesday
Chinese shares fell Wednesday after a three-day winning streak with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index closing down 0.54 percent, or 15.66 points,
to end at 2,911.41 points.
1.2 mln mainland tourists likely to visit Taiwan this year:
spokesperson
The number of Chinese mainland tourists visiting Taiwan this year is likely to
top 1.2 million, a mainland spokesperson said Wednesday.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 15
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,911.41 Wednesday, down 15.66 points, or 0.54 percent, from the previous
close.
Shenzhen stock indices mixed -- Dec. 15
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower
Wednesday to end at 12,829.36 points, down 97.25 points, or 0.75 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec.15
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,247.64 points Wednesday, down 21.83 points, or 0.67
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 15
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, fell
6.72 points, or 0.55 percent, to close at 1,211.80 on Wednesday.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 15
China's stock index futures closed lower Wednesday with the contract for
December, the most actively traded, down 0.74 percent from the previous trading
day to end at 3,252.8 points.
2nd LD-Writethru: China's FDI up for 16th straight month in
November
Foreign direct investment (FDI) into China rose for the 16th consecutive month
to hit 9.704 billion U.S. dollars in November, indicating that China remains a
favored investment destination.
China Focus: With dream and hardships, Chinese migrants sing in
the spring
by Bai Xu and Chuai Xiaoyu
3rd Ld-Writethru-China Focus: Tunnel success heralds end to
isolation for Tibet's  Metok county
A history of isolation is set to end for the Tibetan county of Metok after
construction workers successfully blasted through the last section of a mountain
highway tunnel Wednesday.
1st LD-Writethru: Chinese stocks fall Wednesday as profit-taking
hits cement producers
Chinese shares fell Wednesday to end a three-day winning streak with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index closing down 0.54 percent, or 15.66 points,
at 2,911.41 points.
China to appeal WTO ruling on U.S. tariffs on Chinese tires
China is to appeal a World Trade Organization (WTO) ruling that U.S. tariffs on
Chinese tires are consistent with global trade rules, said Yao Jian, spokesman
of China's Ministry of Commerce (MOC), Wednesday.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.19 pct -- Dec. 15
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Wednesday with the weighted index up 16.28
points, or 0.19 percent, to close at 8,756.71, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Hong Kong stocks close down 1.95 pct -- Dec. 15
Hong Kong stocks closed down 455. 84 points, or 1.95 percent, at 22,975.35 on
Wednesday.
Police identify those dead in E. China blaze
Police in east China's Zhejiang Province said Wednesday they had identified the
nine people who died in a deliberately lit fire and believed they knew who the
arsonist was.
1st-Ld-Writethru: Two killed, nine injured in furniture plant
blast in east China
Two people were killed and nine injured Wednesday in an explosion at a furniture
plant in east China's Jiangsu Province, municipal authorities said.
Hong Kong's CLP buys Australia's energy assets
Hong Kong's CLP Holdings' wholly owned subsidiary TRUenergy has reached an
acquisition agreement with the New South Wales (NSW) Government on Wednesday for
a total of 2,035 million AU dollars (about 2,020 million US dollars), including
buying the state-owned and NSW's largest electricity retailer, EnergyAustralia's
energy retailing business.
China's economic planner urges local gov't to ensure energy
supply
China's top economic planner urged Wednesday local governments to step up
efforts to ensure energy supplies amid the peak season of energy consumption.
Roundup: HK stocks tumble as HSBC, mainland lenders fall
Hong Kong stocks went down over 400 points on Wednesday, as heavyweight HSBC and
Chinese mainland lenders fall.
HK's wine imports surge in 2010
Hong Kong's wine imports went up 64 percent in the first seven months from a
year earlier in 2010- 2011 fiscal year, said the Hong Kong government on
Wednesday.
Philippine delegation to visit HK for Manila hostage incident
A delegation led by the Secretary of Tourism of the Philippine government
Alberto A. Lim will visit Hong Kong on Thursday on the follow-up action to the
Manila hostage incident, announced a spokesperson of the Hong Kong government on
Wednesday.
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong -- Dec. 15
The gold price in Hong Kong closed down 122 HK dollars at 12,893 HK dollars per
tael on Wednesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Netizens in Taiwan each spend 465 U.S. dollars online
Netizens in Taiwan spent an average of 13,864 New Taiwan dollars (about 465 U.S.
dollars) each person shopping online this year, up from 329 U.S. dollars for
last year, a survey shows.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 15
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 15:
Xinhua Insight: China launches "oversight committee" system to
curb village officials'  abuses of power
If it were not for 48-year-old Li Chengli, the houses of 16 families in a
village in central China's Henan Province would have been demolished to make way
for a metal factory.
Cold snap drops Beijing's temperature to 10-year low
Beijing's temperature slumped to below minus 10 degrees Celsius Wednesday
morning, the lowest in a decade reported at the same period of the year, amid a
cold snap hitting half of China.
China's ODI reaches 47 bln USD for Jan-Nov
China's overseas direct investment (ODI) in non-financial sectors in 122
countries and regions reached 47.56 billion U.S. dollars in the first 11 months
of this year, the Ministry of Commerce (MOC) announced Wednesday.
China to float 30.78 bln yuan of 10-year book-entry T-bonds from
Thursday
China's Ministry of Finance said Wednesday it will sell 30.78 billion yuan (4.6
billion U.S. dollars) of 10-year book-entry treasury bonds from Thursday.
China vows to be responsible in int'l rare earth cooperation
A senior Chinese official said Wednesday that the country would act responsibly
in international cooperation in  rare earth exploration and ensuring the basic
demands for the minerals are met.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index down 2.18 pct -- Dec. 15
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange lost
280.01 points, or 2.18 percent, to close Wednesday's trading at 12,585.04.
China's top legislature solicits public submissions on draft
house expropriation  regulation
After almost one year of discussion and revision, China's top legislature
Wednesday started soliciting public submissions on the second version of the
much- discussed draft regulation on expropriation of houses on state- owned land
and compensation.
China says "long-term friendship" only option for Sino-Japanese
relations
A senior Chinese leader said Wednesday that "long-term friendship" was the only
way for China and Japan to coexist, adding that disputes between the countries
should be solved through dialogue and consultation.
China, Cambodia pledge to further enhance ties
Chinese and Cambodian leaders on Wednesday pledged to further enhance bilateral
ties, two days after the two countries agreed to establish a comprehensive
strategic partnership of cooperation.
Heavy snow forecast for China's south, temperatures to drop
China's meteorological authority said Wednesday heavy snow will hit many parts
of the nation's south in the next 24 hours.
Magnitude-6.0 quake hits Banda Sea region of Indonesia
An earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale jolted the Banda Sea region of
Indonesia at 7:29 p.m. Beijing Time on Wednesday, said the China Earthquake
Networks Center.
1st LD-Writethru: China's cabinet solicits public submissions on
draft house expropriation  regulation
After almost one year of discussion and revision, the State Council, or China's
cabinet, Wednesday started soliciting public submissions on the second version
of the much-discussed draft regulation on expropriation of houses on state-owned
land and compensation.
Strong earthquakes in Hong Kong unlikely: official
Hong Kong's geological settings are not conducive to causing strong earthquakes
and the faults in its boundaries and nearby waters are not active, Secretary for
Security of the Hong Kong government Ambrose Lee said on Wednesday.
Magnitude-5.9 quake hits Banda Sea region of Indonesia: Hong Kong
Observatory
A magnitude-5.9 earthquake jolted the Banda Sea region of Indonesia around 1136
GMT on Wednesday, said the Hong Kong Observatory.
China Focus: As cold snap expands, is another disastrous winter
coming to China?
by Xinhua writer Yang Dingdu
Chinese vice president calls for strengthened cadre training
Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping has called for strengthened training of
administrative cadres to bolster China's Party organization building and
economic and social development.
China's banking refinancing pace to slow
The refinancing pace of China's banking sector will slow after 13 listed
commercial banks announced their refunding plans this year, reported the
Shanghai Securities News Wednesday.
Two sentenced to death for producing drugs in SW China
A court in southwest China's Chongqing Municipality sentenced two men to death
on Wednesday, two to suspended death sentences and two others to jail terms for
producing drugs.
China's top political advisor stresses development of ethnic
minority areas
China's top political advisor, Jia Qinglin, has stressed the boosting of
development in ethnic minority areas, calling it an "urgent" task in an article
in the official magazine of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
China GDP to hit 37 trillion yuan mark in 2010: gov't think tank
A leading Chinese government think tank in a research report issued Wednesday
predicted that China's economy in 2010 would grow 10 percent year on year with
gross domestic product (GDP) reaching 37 trillion yuan (5.56 trillion U.S.
dollars).
Association asks China's banks to be "self-disciplined" in
charging fees
The China Banking Association (CBA) Wednesday asked the country's banks to be
self-disciplined in charging for services to customers amid public concerns over
various bank service fees.
Two Chinese poachers detained for killing endangered animals
producing fragrance
Two poachers have been detained in northwest China's Shaanxi Province for
killing wild forest musk deer, an endangered species that produces a rare
natural perfume, said local wildlife protection authorities.
Trainer aircraft crashes in Taiwan, two pilots killed
A trainer aircraft from Taiwan's "air force" crashed Wednesday afternoon in
Kaohsiung during a training session, killing two pilots.
1st LD Writethru-China Focus: Rising inflation worries consumers,
enterprises: central  bank
Rising inflation is worrying most Chinese consumers and enterprises despite
government efforts to rein in prices, as current price levels had both dampened
consumer satisfaction and entrepreneurs' confidence, the Chinese central bank
said here Wednesday.
Trademark violations account for nearly 70 pct of IPR
infringement cases in China
BEIJING, Dec. 15 (Xinhua) - Chinese prosecutors have approved the arrests of 304
people in 173 cases of violating trademark rights since a crackdown began in
October, accounting for nearly 70 percent of the suspects arrested for
intellectual property rights (IPR) infringement.
Chinese Premier congratulates invention association on founding
anniversary
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao Wednesday sent a congratulatory message to the China
Invention Association as it celebrates its 25th anniversary and begins a
national assembly.
Macao reiterates determination to set gaming table ceiling of
5,500
The government of Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) will stick to its
previously announced gaming policies, limiting the total number of gaming tables
to no more than 5,500, the SAR's economic chief said on Wednesday.
Loose bolt blamed for escalator malfunction that injured 25 in
south China city
A loose bolt in an escalator caused a crowded escalator in a metro station in
southern China's economic hub of Shenzhen to move in reverse, injuring 25 people
Tuesday.
Senior Chinese leader stresses hardworking spirit
A senior leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Wednesday called upon
Chinese people to stick to their hardworking spirit and devote themselves to
their careers.
China upgrades anti-corruption regulation
China  released an amended anti- corruption
China continues its subsidies for rural home appliance buyers
The Chinese government signed contracts with bid-winning home appliance
manufacturing enterprises here Wednesday, paving the way for offering subsidies
to rural home appliance buyers next year.
Eight wounded, two female would-be suicide bombers captured in
Iraq
Eight people were wounded in separate bomb attacks targeting Shiite pilgrims in
and north of Baghdad on Thursday, while the security forces in Iraq's eastern
province of Diyala announced the capture of two women believed to have been
prepared for suicide bomb attacks against Shiite pilgrims, the police said.
PLO condemns U.S. congress resolution against Palestinian state
recognition
The Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) Thursday condemned a United States
congress resolution opposing the Palestinian quest to gain international
recognition of their future state.
Syria condemns Iran's bombing attack
A source in the Syrian Foreign Ministry condemned on Thursday the bombing attack
in Iran on Wednesday, the Syrian official SANA news agency reported.
Urgent: Five explosions heard in Baghdad, casualties unknown
Five loud explosions were heard in Baghdad on Thursday, the casualties were not
immediately known.
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,362 points on
Thursday, dropping by ten points from Wednesday's finish.
AUPSC delegation embarks on talks with officials in Khartoum
A delegation of the African Union 's Peace and Security Council (AUPSC) on
Thursday started a series of talks in Khartoum to get acquainted with the
ongoing arrangements for south Sudan referendum and the situation in Sudan 's
Darfur region.
1st LD: Five explosions heard in Baghdad
Five loud explosions were heard in Baghdad on Thursday which caused no
casualties, an Interior Ministry source told Xinhua.
Feature: Hidden eyes of Israeli army home in on targets
by Gur Salomon
News Analysis: Would peace failure lead to achieving Palestinian
reconciliation?
by Saud Abu Ramadan
Egypt's stock exchange indices close lower
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 6,905.14 points on Thursday, down
0.55 percent from the previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index,
ended 0.09 percent higher at 739.04 points.
Turkey to host media forum for Turkish-speaking countries
Journalists and media representatives from Turkish-speaking countries will
gather in the Turkish capital city of Ankara next week to discuss media
development and cooperation, local media reported Thursday.
Roundup: Gulf stock markets generally drop despite Kuwait, Dubai
Stock markets in Kuwait and Dubai were the only gainers on Thursday in the Gulf
Arab region.
Israel denies aerial operations over Lebanon
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) denied late Wednesday Lebanese media reports
alleging that Israeli fighter aircraft and naval vessels carried out operations
off the Lebanon's coast city Sidon.
Egypt uncovers 3400-year-old statues at Luxor
Egypt's Culture Minister Farouk Hosni announced on Thursday the discovery of a
cachet of King Amenhotep III (1410-1372 BC) statues along with numerous ancient
Egyptian deities.
(Special for CAFS) Tunisian president meets Qatari PM
Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali on Thursday met Prime Minister and
Foreign Minister of Qatar, Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani, the
Tunisian official press agency TAP reported.
Israel unable to attack Lebanon: Hezbollah
Hezbollah is "entirely prepared" to encounter Israeli attacks on Lebanon, the
Shiite armed group's Deputy Secretary General Naeem Qasem said Thursday,
referring to Israel's recent threats against his movement.
Iraqi leaders hail lifting UN sanctions against Iraq
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al- Maliki on Thursday hailed the UN Security
Council's decision to lift the Saddam-era sanctions against Iraq, which were
imposed on the country in 1990.
Roundup: Israel, China discuss cooperation in search for
renewable energy
by Dave Bender
Two soldiers, one separatist killed in south Yemen
Two soldiers and one separatist were killed in clashes on Thursday in Yemen's
southern troubled province of Lahj, local media reported.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,071.11 points on
Thursday, up 6.87 points from Wednesday's close. The turnover was just over 1.36
billion shekels (about 379 million U.S. dollars).
COE anti-terrorism conference opens in Turkey
Council of Europe (COE) held its anti-terrorism conference here on Thursday to
discuss international cooperation and the use of "soft security" to address
terrorism.
Turkey's power output capacity to grow 3,500-4,000 mw annually:
minister
Turkish Energy and Natural Resources Minister Taner Yildiz said Thursday the
country's electricity output capacity should grow by 3,500-4,000 mw every year
to meet domestic demand, local media reported.
Bomb hits foreigners in Yemen capital with no injuries
An explosive device went off under a vehicle carrying a number of U.S. embassy
staff outside a restaurant in the Yemeni capital Sanaa late Wednesday, local
semi- official newspaper Yemen Observer reported on Thursday.
Turkey insists an open apology from Israel
The negotiations between Turkey and Israel to normalize ties were suspended due
to disagreement on the wording of an apology for the Israeli attack in May,
Turkish sources told Xinhua on Thursday.
Regional cable network project to be built in Mideast
Turkey, the United Arab Emirates ( UAE), Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Syria Thursday
decided to invest 500 million U.S. dollars in the construction of a regional
cable network (RCN) project in the Middle East.
Turkey tries military officers over alleged coup plot case
A Turkish court on Thursday began hearing a landmark case against some 200
active and retired Turkish military officers, among them former Air Force chiefs
and dozens of generals and admirals, charged over an alleged 2003 plot to
overthrow the ruling government in Turkey.
Egypt's hospitals see rise in bird and swine flu
A newly infected bird flu case was reported on Thursday in Egypt's northern
governorate, bringing the number of the infected Egyptians to 114.
Voter registration for south Sudan referendum transparent: UN
The United Nations on Thursday said the voter registration for south Sudan
referendum was transparent and free from organized manipulation, but
acknowledged the process was accompanied by some mistakes.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 16
The Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) Thursday condemned a United States
congress resolution opposing the Palestinian quest to gain international
recognition of their future state.
Separatist gunmen kill four soldiers in south Yemen
Southern separatist gunmen shot dead four soldiers in a raid against a group of
military and security staff who were on duty in the southern Yemeni province of
Lahj, state-run Saba news agency reported Thursday.
Dollar trades around 84 yen line in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded around the 84 yen line early Friday in Tokyo, little
changed from its levels overnight in New York.
Nikkei opens slightly higher
Nikkei opened slightly higher Friday, supported by overnight gains on Wall
Street.
Japanese man wounds 13 with knife near Tokyo
A Japanese man wielding a knife wounded 13 people Friday morning outside a
railway station in Ibaraki prefecture, northeast of Tokyo, local media reported.
Myanmar establishes diplomatic ties with Oman
Myanmar has established diplomatic ties with the Sultanate of Oman at
ambassadorial level, state-run newspaper the New Light of Myanmar reported
Friday.
U.S. chief nuclear negotiator due in Seoul for talks
A U.S. envoy for stalled nuclear disarmament talks is set to meet with his South
Korean counterpart Friday in Seoul to discuss resuming the talks and other
issues related to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
Singapore's Raffles Medical prepares to build hospital in China
Singapore healthcare services firm Raffles Medical is prepared to invest 200-300
million Singapore dollars (about 153-229 million U.S. dollars) to build a
hospital in China to tap into the growing medical care needs there.
Moderate earthquake jolts S. Philippines
A magnitude-5.0 earthquake rocked the southern Philippines early Friday, the
United Stated Geological Survey (USGS) said. No casualties were reported.
Singapore developers hold back on luxury projects in Q4
Developers here continued to hold back on launching new luxury projects in the
fourth quarter even as buyer interest in such projects grew slightly in October
and November.
Australia's refugee boat tragedy death toll climbs to 30
The death toll from the Australia 's Christmas Island boat tragedy climbed to
30, after two bodies were found by divers, authorities confirmed on Friday.
Budget carrier Jetstar flies into Singapore's long-haul market
Budget airline Jetstar made its first foray into Singapore's long-haul market,
dominated by full- service carriers such as Singapore Airlines.
Australia commits 99mln USD to Latin America
Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd on Friday announced Australia will
provide 99 million U.S. dollars in development assistance to Latin America over
the next four years.
Little chance of more survivors in refugee boat crash: Australian
PM
Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard on Friday said there is little chance
any more people involved in the fatal Christmas Island boat accident will be
found alive.
Bhutan officials arrive in Nepal to collect air-crash victims'
bodies
An eight-member team of Bhutanese officials have arrived in Nepali capital
Kathmandu to take the bodies of all the Bhutanese nationals who were killed in
the Tara Air plane crash Wednesday, back to Thimpu, capital of Bhutan.
Japan adopts proactive five-year defense policies
Japan's Cabinet adopted Friday a new fiscal 2011-2015 midterm defense buildup
program which eyes more proactive policies and "dynamic defense capability".
Next year to be important for climate change policy: Australian
minister
Australian Climate Change Minister Greg Combet on Friday said next year would be
an important year for climate change policy, because Prime Minister Julia
Gillard had earlier announced that a carbon price would be legislated in 2011.
Dollar trades narrowly in upper 83 yen range
The U.S. dollar traded narrowly in the upper 83 yen level in thin trading Friday
morning in Tokyo.
Australian PM warns of rising toll from boat tragedy
Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard on Thursday warned the death toll from
the fatal capsize of an asylum seekers boat off Christmas Island could rise.
1st LD Writethru: Japanese man with knife wounds 13 near Tokyo
A Japanese man wielding a knife wounded 13 people Friday morning outside a
railway station in Ibaraki prefecture, northeast of Tokyo, local media reported.
Asylum seeker attempts suicide in Australia: media
Another asylum seeker has attempted to commit suicide at the Darwin immigration
detention center, Northern Territory of Australia, a whistle-blower at a non-
government organization told local media on Thursday.
Fiji takes measures to enhance poverty alleviation policies to
reduce child labor
Suva, Dec. 16 (Xinhua) -- A Fiji Ministry of Labor official said here Thursday
that the government has taken measures to enhance poverty alleviation policies
which would reduce child labor in the island nation.
Feature: Participants express enthusiasm at SAARC Trade Fair in
Nepal
By Punjita Pradhan
Singapore research institute, Swiss Cytos extend collaboration on
influenza vaccine
Switzerland's Cytos Biotechnology and Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology
and Research (A*STAR) on Thursday further collaborated on the development of a
virus-like particle (VLP) based Influenza vaccine.
Australian commission approves Air NZ, Virgin alliance
Australia's competition watchdog has conditionally approved a tie-up between Air
New Zealand and Virgin Blue on flights between Australia and New Zealand, New
Zealand media reported on Thursday.
Four terrorists arrested in Karachi, south Pakistan
Pakistani police in south port city of Karachi arrested four terrorists of the
banned militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi on Wednesday night.
Bushfire emergency warning issued for Perth suburb in Western
Australia
Residents in part of an eastern Perth suburb in Western Australia (WA) have been
urged to evacuate on Thursday as an approaching bushfire threatens lives and
homes.
Manila gov't condemns ambush of soldiers in C. Philippines
The Philippine government on Thursday condemned the ambush of 10 soldiers by the
New People's Army (NPA) in Central Philippines.
Australian experts 'blown away' by HIV cure case
Australian experts on Thursday said they have been "blown away" by the case of a
man cured of HIV, yet they caution his treatment was too risky to be offered
broadly to the world's HIV-infected population.
Firefighters contain Perth bushfire in Western Australia
A bushfire that threatened lives and homes in an eastern Perth suburb in Western
Australia (WA) has been brought under control, the Fire and Emergency Services
Authority (FESA) of WA said on Thursday.
S. Korea to resume firing drill on Yeonpyeong island
South Korea will soon carry out a live fire artillery drill on the island
shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), local
media reported citing the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS).
Japan's Cabinet endorses fiscal 2011 tax reform plan
The Cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan approved Thursday
recommendations to lower the nation's corporate tax rate next year and introduce
incentives for small businesses to increase employment.
S. Korea to resume Treasury bill issuance in 2011
South Korea will resume issuing Treasury bills in 2011, after halting the sale
for around five years, in a bid to cover shortfalls in government funds, local
media said Thursday.
(recast) S. Korea to resume firing drill on Yeonpyeong island
South Korea will soon carry out a live fire artillery drill on the island
shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), the
Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) announced Thursday.
Reforms to be announced on Australian superannuation industry
Australian government will announce a reforms package on superannuation to save
Australians billions of dollars a year, a Treasury official said on Thursday.
Thai police issues new warrants for 11 anti-govt red leaders
Thai police on Thursday submitted a request with the Criminal Court asking it to
approve new warrants for the arrest of 11 anti-government "red-shirt" leaders.
Nikkei closes 0.01 pct higher
Tokyo stocks closed Thursday with the key Nikkei index up 0.01 percent.
NATO airstrike mistakenly kills 4 Afghan soldiers
Four Afghan soldiers were mistakenly killed by Nato-led troops air strike in
southern Helmand province, a local official said Thursday.
Philippines' hot money reaches 1.7 billion U.S. dollars in Nov.
The Philippines' foreign portfolio investments sustained its net inflow in
November, amounting to 1.7 billion U.S. dollars, the Philippine central bank
said Thursday.
Malaysian opposition leader Anwar suspended as MP for 6 months
Malaysian Parliament passed a motion by votes here on Thursday suspending
opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim as a member of parliament (MP) for six months
due to his earlier accusation on "One Malaysia" concept.
Sri Lanka 'white flag' case to move without original video
evidence
A Sri Lankan court on Thursday overruled a defense objection that original video
footage should be admitted as evidence in the "white flag" case.
China, Japan, S. Korea sign agreement on establishing trilateral
cooperation secretariat
China, Japan and South Korea on Thursday signed an agreement on establishing a
three-way cooperation secretariat in Seoul next year.
Roundup: Slower growth of remittances dampened Philippines shares
The Philippine stock market slid further on Thursday as selling continued after
another disappointing economic report released by the government.
Urgent: 10 Afghan civilians killed as roadside bomb hit mini-bus
Ten civilians were killed as a roadside bomb struck a mini-bus in western Herat
province on Thursday, an official said.
Thai PM meets red-shirt leaders
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva held an unscheduled meeting with two red-
shirt leaders at a hotel here on Thursday, discussing the government's bail
assistance for protesters under remand.
No license be revoked for developers of SEZs: Cambodian official
A senior government official said Thursday there is no license revocation for
the developers of Special Economic Zones (SEZs) in Cambodia despite they have
speed down or abandon their zone development since the global financial crisis.
1st LD Writethru: 10 Afghan civilians killed as roadside bomb hit
mini-bus
Ten civilians were killed as a roadside bomb struck a mini-bus in western Herat
province on Thursday, an official said.   "The tragic incident took place in
Kushk-e-Kohna district at 11: 00 a.m. local time as a result 10 commuters
including women and children were killed," spokesman for provincial
administration Rafi Behrozian told Xinhua.
Philippine troops, leftist group start 19-day truce
The Philippine government and leftist group New People's Army (NPA) started
their 19-day ceasefire on Thursday.  "The troops are properly informed of the
provisions of this ceasefire so we do not expect any active operations against
the NPAs," Army spokesman Col. Antonio Parlade said Thursday.
Moodys raises Indonesian banks outlook rating to stable
Rating agency Moody's has increased Indonesian banks outlook rating to stable
from negative due to improvement on work performance and capitalization, a media
reported here Thursday.
Dollar firm at lower 84 yen level in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar stood firm at the lower 84 yen level Thursday in Tokyo.
Indian central bank holds interest rates unchanged
India's central bank, Reserve Bank of India (RBI),  maintained key short-term
interest rates and cash reserve ratio at current levels on Thursday, and
announced more measures to ease tight liquidity.
Singapore lifts public restrooms standards
Singapore has planned a three- year blueprint to bring 70 percent of the
country's 30,000 public toilets to three-star standard, local media reported on
Thursday.
S. Korean gov't plans 1 bln U.S. dollar investment in energy R&amp;D
next year
The South Korean government will spend around 1.2 trillion won (1.03 billion
U.S. dollars) next year on research and development (R&amp;D) in energy sector,
the Ministry of Knowledge and Economy said Thursday.
Malaysia's Air Asia to enter Philippine market
Malaysia's low-cost carrier Air Asia Berhad has partnered with Philippine
businessmen to penetrate the country's airline industry.
Roundup: S. Korean shares close lower on profit taking
Seoul shares took a breather Thursday, falling below the 2,010-mark after the
recent renewal of records, local analysts said.
Roundup: Indonesia faces tough tasks to measure environmental law
offenders
By Abu Hanifah
Singapore shares end flat
The shares prices in Singapore rose a mere 0.47 point on Thursday with the
benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,147.67 points.
Vietnam, China enhance cooperation in publication
Vietnamese National Political Publishing House held a seminar on publication
with the Chinese Embassy in Vietnam here on Thursday in a bid to enhance
cooperation in publication sector between the two countries.
Roundup: Nikkei closes flat in directionless trade, eurozone
fears, profit taking weigh
Tokyo stocks ended largely flat for the second successive day, with the key
Nikkei stock index edging up a mere 0.01 percent on Thursday as concerns about
the market overheating spurred profit-taking and ongoing concerns about Europe's
debt crisis dampened the market mood.
WB revises down Indonesian GDP this year
The World Bank has trimmed its forecast on Indonesia's economic growth by 0.1
percent to 5.9 percent due to slower growth in Q3, the bank said on its website
on Thursday.
Roundup: Thailand works to raise productivity, cut cost of rice
farmers
by Sinfah Tunsarawuth
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 16
The Cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan approved Thursday
recommendations to lower the nation's corporate tax rate next year and introduce
incentives for small businesses to increase employment.
Air crash victims' bodies airlifted to Nepali capital
All 22 bodies of the Tara Air crash victims including three crew members and 19
Bhutanese passengers were airlifted to the Nepali capital Kathmandu by a Nepal
Army helicopter on Thursday afternoon.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 16
The Philippine market slipped 1.51 percent on Thursday. The bellwether
Philippine Stock Exchange index lost 61. 74 points to 4,013.49, while the
broader all-share index shed 1.41 percent or 40.67 points to 2,833.53.
Indian stocks close 1.1 pct higher
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 217.08 points or 1.1 percent Thursday
on central bank's new measures to ease liquidity deficit and the pause of
monetary tightening.
Cambodia to issue one mln stamps to promote awareness of HIV/AIDS
in 2011
Cambodia's Ministry of Post and Telecommunications will print one million
postage stamps next year to promote awareness of HIV/AIDS, said the minister on
Thursday.
Thai govt expects to lift emergency decree on Dec. 22
Thai cabinet has a plan to review the state of emergency on next Tuesday and the
revocation of the emergency decree should take effect by Dec. 22, National
Security Council (NSC) secretary general Tawin Pleansri said on Thursday.
Urgent: Several women injured in blast in NW Pakistan
Several women were injured in a blast in northwest Pakistan's main city of
Peshawar on Thursday evening, police said.
7 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
A United States drone aircraft fired missiles into a Pakistani tribal region and
killed at least seven people on Thursday, local TV channels reported.
1st LD Writethru: 15 injured in grenade attack in NW Pakistan
At least 15 people including several women were injured in a grenade attack in
northwest Pakistan's main city Peshawar on Thursday evening, police said.
Australian authorities intercept 56 suspected asylum seekers
Australian border authorities on Thursday intercepted a boat carrying about 56
suspected asylum seekers near Ashmore Island off Western Australia.
2nd LD Writethru: one killed, 19 injured in grenade attack in NW
Pakistan
A boy was killed and at least 19 people injured in a hand grenade explosion
amidst religious procession on Thursday evening in the Northwest Pakistani city
of Peshawar, police said.
Global Fund approves grant to fight AIDS, TB in Nepal
The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria's Board of Directors has
approved a grant of 1.73 billion U.S. dollars to fight the three diseases,
according to a press statement on Thursday.
Roundup: Australian educators welcome gov't review of student
visa program
By Vienna Ma
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 16
Cambodia's Ministry of Post and Telecommunications will print one million
postage stamps next year to promote awareness of HIV/AIDS, said the minister on
Thursday.
Vietnamese cargo ship sinks, 27 missing
Twenty-seven sailors went missing after a Vietnamese cargo ship sank in waters
off Vietnam's central Ha Tinh province Thursday due to strong gales, Vietnam
News Agency reported.
Maldives welcomes Cancun Agreements
President of the Maldives Moahamed Nasheed on Thursday pledged the country's
backing for the Cancun Agreements on climate change, which were adopted last
week at a United Nations meeting in the Mexican seaside resort.
Yearender: Common market second milestone in EAC's efforts toward
economic integration
By Xie Meihua and Daniel Ooko
Cote d'Ivoire army warns UN official against backing Ouattara's
planned march
Cote d'Ivoire's army loyal to incumbent Laurent Gbagbo has warned the UN
secretary general's representative in the West African country, Choi Young-jin,
that it would hold him responsible for the "unforeseen consequences" of the
march planned by Alassane Ouattara's camp.
Nigerian president presents 27.3 bln dollar budget proposals
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday presented a total budget
proposal of 4, 226.19 trillion naira (27.3 billion dollars) for the 2011 fiscal
year.
Urgent: Clash erupts between protestors, troops in Cote d'Ivoire:
media
Troops backing Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent Laurent Gbagbo clashed with protestors
supporting his rival Alassane Ouattara, with several protestors injured, media
reports said on Thursday.
1st LD: Clash erupts between protestors, troops in Cote d'Ivoire:
media
Troops backing Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent Laurent Gbagbo clashed with protestors
supporting his rival Alassane Ouattara, with several protestors injured, media
reports said on Thursday.
Urgent: Reports say four demonstrators dead in Cote d'Ivoire
Media reports said at least four demonstrators have been shot dead in Cote
d'Ivoire, where clashes have erupted following disputed presidential run-off.
1st LD: Reports say four demonstrators dead in Cote d'Ivoire
Media reports said at least four demonstrators have been shot dead in Cote
d'Ivoire, where clashes have erupted following a disputed presidential run-off.
Urgent: Heavy weapons fire heard near Cote d'Ivoire's Ouattara
HO: media reports
Heavy weapons fire were heard near the hotel headquarters of Cote d'Ivoire's
presidential claimant Alassane Ouattara in Abidjan on Thursday, agencies reports
said.
1st LD: Heavy weapons fire heard near Cote d'Ivoire's Ouattara
HO: media reports
Heavy weapons fire were heard near the hotel headquarters of Cote d'Ivoire's
presidential claimant Alassane Ouattara in Abidjan on Thursday, agencies reports
said.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's rival forces fight in central region
While clashes claimed at least six people in Cote d'Ivoire's southern city
Abidjan on Thursday, the rival forces fought for the first time in the central
region of Tiebissou since a peace accord signed in March 2007, the military
said.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's rival forces fight in central region
While a rising toll was reported in clashes in Cote d'Ivoire's economic capital
Abidjan on Thursday, the rival forces fought for the first time in the central
region of Tiebissou since a peace accord signed in 2007, the military said.
Car accident kills 16, injures 13 others in Angola
Sixteen people were killed and 13 others injured in a car accident in central
Kwanz-Sul province, the official news agency Angop reported on Thursday.
Feature: Overhauling Somalia's army amid insurgent fire
by Ronald Ssekandi
American singer R. Kelly in Nigeria for mega concert
Reputed American singer Robert Sylvester Kelly, best known for his stage name R.
Kelly, has arrived in Lagos, Nigeria's commercial hub for a musical concert
tagged "Star Mega Jam" which was scheduled for Friday and Saturday.
Nigerian court sentences 15 persons over Jos crisis
A Nigerian federal High Court in northern Plateau State on Thursday sentenced 15
persons to 10 years each in prison for participating in the violent crisis in
Jos on March 8.
Cote d'Ivoire's Soro calls for mobilization after takeover clash
Guillaume Soro, prime minister of Alassane Ouattara, who is internationally
recognized as the winner of the Nov. 28 presidential run-off in Cote d'Ivoire,
called on Thursday for "mobilization" after the takeover march was dispersed by
the army.
Nigeria insists on ECOWAS stance on Cote d' Ivore
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Thursday reiterated the stand of the
Economic Commission of the West African States (ECOWAS) to support the
assumption of office of Alassane Ouattara as president of Cote d' Ivore.
Nigerian president hails ties with Belgium
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Thursday commended the out-going
Ambassador of the Kingdom of Belgium to Nigeria, Michael Dewez for his role in
improving and strengthening relations between the two countries during his
three- year tenure in Nigeria.
Sierra Leone imposes ban on musical activities during Christmas
Sierra Leone has imposed a ban on all musical activities including assemblies
and launching of musical albums during the upcoming Christmas celebrations.
Feature: University teams up with bank to restore Mau forest
cover in Kenya
by Ejidiah Wangui
Protesters, troops killed in Cote d'Ivoire's capital: media
Ten demonstrators and ten members of the security forces were killed in armed
clashes in Abidjan, capital of Cote d'Ivoire on Thursday, media quoted a
spokeswoman for Laurent Gbagbo's government as saying.
Russian stocks close down
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Thursday with both key indexes lower.
Georgia requests Russian assistance in probe into Tbilisi bombing
attacks
Georgia has appealed to the Russian Federation for legal assistance as regards
an alleged connection with the series of bombing attacks against the Georgian
capital city of Tbilisi between September and November.
Roundup: Putin vows to improve people's livelihood, fight
extremists
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin spent over four hours talking to the
fellow citizens during an annual national question-and-answer session live on
Thursday.
Austria's export benefits from China's economic growth
Austrian Minister of Economy, Family and Youth Reinhold Mitterlehner Thursday
said that Austria' s export has benefited significantly from China's economic
growth.
Urgent: Obama says U.S. on track to achieve goals in Afghanistan,
progress fragile, reversible
U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday said the United States is on track to
achieve its goals in Afghanistan, but the achievements are fragile and
reversible.
Investigation of Stockholm bombing still going on: Swedish
prosecutor
Investigation of Stockholm bombing is still going on with more tips and
information coming in, said Vice Chief Prosecutor Agnetha Hilding Qvarnstrom
Thursday.
London stock market closes down slightly
The London stock market closed down slightly on Thursday with the leading FTSE
100 index down by 1.06 points, or 0.02 percent, at 5,881.12 points.
1st LD: Obama says U.S. on track to achieve goals in Afghanistan
U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday said the United States is on track to
achieve its goals in Afghanistan, but the achievements made there are fragile
and reversible.
UN Security Council calls on parties in Sudan to continue peace
process, including referenda
U.S. UN Ambassador Susan Rice, who holds the rotating presidency of the Security
Council, said here Thursday that the Council continues to support Sudan's
preparation for January referenda as well as other aspects of Sudan's
implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA).
EBRD to lend 50 mln euros to CEZ power supplier in Albania
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is considering plans
to lend 50 million euros (66 million U.S. dollars) to the Czech-owned power
distributor CEZ Shperndarje in Albania to fund its program to turn the company
around.
Arianespace to launch Sentinel-1A observation satellite
The Arianespace launching center will lift off Sentinel-1A satellite, an
observation satellite of the European global monitoring program in December
2012, it said Thursday in a statement.
Arizona business leaders in U.S. join Bloomberg's immigration
reform effort
Twelve leading companies from U.S. State of Arizona, which has adopted a
controversial immigration law, teamed up with New York City Mayor Michael
Bloomberg in pushing for immigration reforms on Thursday.
Roundup: France prepares for big snowfall as first vacationers
depart
French railway operators announced measures to ensure most mobility and scores
of snow cleaners and even armed vehicles were placed at important road joints as
another cold snap with snowfall was forecast to fall from Thursday overnight.
UN Security Council marks Burundi's transition with scaled down
UN presence in new mandate
The UN Security Council on Thursday welcomed the progress towards peace and
stability in Burundi with the marked transition in a new mandate of a "
significantly scaled-down UN presence."
2nd LD Writethru: Obama says U.S. on track to achieve goals in
Afghanistan
U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday said the United States is on track to
achieve its goals in Afghanistan, but the achievements made there are "fragile
and reversible."
New York to develop a new applied sciences research campus
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced on Thursday to develop a new
engineering and applied sciences research campus to boost the city's innovation
economy.
China hopes to see peaceful, free, transparent, just referenda in
Sudan
China on Thursday voiced its hope that parties in the north and south Sudan will
make continuous efforts for a peaceful, free, transparent and just referenda in
Sudan in accordance with the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA), and
called for international efforts to create favorable conditions for the January
referenda.
Asian Beach Games ends as Thailand prevails
The 2nd Asian Beach Games ended on Thursday in Oman, with Thailand coming to the
first of the medals standings, followed by China and the host Oman.
UN peacekeeping chief voices readiness for Sudan's post-referenda
period
With over three weeks left to go until Sudan's referenda, the UN peacekeeping
chief stressed here Thursday the UN's readiness "to prevent, to the extent
possible and to mitigate humanitarian crises," as well as referendum-related
contingency plan, with the uncertainties that lay in the coming months.
Silicon Valley company launches product to run PC as easy as
copy-and-paste
VMLite, a Silicon Valley virtualization start-up company, on Thursday released a
software product that enables users to run personal computer (PC) operating
systems as easy as copy and paste files.
Nine Indonesian into final in world pencak silat championship
Nine athletes of host Indonesia secured final spots at the 14th pencak silat
world championships after a tight semifinal Wednesday, a media reported here on
Thursday.
"Fighter," "The King's Speech" top favorites in SAG Awards
nominations
Two award season favorites which have reaped top nominations at the Golden Globe
Awards earlier in the week prevailed at the 17th annual Screen Actors Guild
(SAG) Awards on Thursday, walking away with four nods each to lead a strong
pack.
EU lawmakers support permanent rescue mechanism to shore up euro
European Union (EU) lawmakers on Thursday threw their weight behind the plan of
setting up a permanent mechanism to rescue eurozone members from a debt crisis,
urging EU leaders to hammer out crucial details.
NATO's strategy in Afghanistan "sound," Rasmussen says
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen welcomed Thursday the United
States' annual review on Afghanistan, saying the alliance's strategy was
"sound."
Roundup: Obama says U.S. on track to achieve goals in Afghanistan
U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday said the United States is on track to
achieve its goals in Afghanistan, but the achievements made there are "fragile
and reversible."
Spain extends state of alarm to ensure safe air-traffic
Spain's Parliament on Thursday approved a government plan to extend the State of
Alarm until Jan. 15 to ensure safe air traffic over the holiday period.
MySpace, Google renew search, advertising agreement
MySpace and Google on Thursday announced a multi-year agreement to renew and
expand the two companies' search and advertising cooperation.
Urgent: Gold continues to slide on stronger dollar, profit-taking
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange lost more
ground on Thursday, undermined by the aggressive gains of U.S. dollar against
other major currencies as well as investors' profit-taking before the end of the
year.
UN reports drug trafficking menace to West Africa, threat to
int'l community
Drug trafficking and organized crime remain a menace in West Africa, posing a
threat to international peace and security, the UN Office on Drugs and Crime
(UNODC) said here on Thursday.
Subways in U.S. capital area to begin random bag inspections
U.S. law enforcement authorities announced Thursday that they will begin
conducting random inspections of carry-on items on the Metro system in the
capital area to enhance transportation security.
China backs peaceful, comprehensive settlement of Darfur issue
China on Thursday voiced its support for a peaceful and comprehensive settlement
of the Darfur issue, saying that efforts should be made to remove the root
causes that resulted in such an issue.
Solar industry booming in U.S.: report
Solar industry is booming in the United States, with commercial solar customers
installing 103 megawatts in the third quarter, a 38 percent boom from the same
period in 2009, newly released figures showed.
Urgent: EU leaders agree on treaty change: Van Rompuy
European Union (EU) leaders Thursday reached an agreement on a change to the
Lisbon treaty to allow for the setup of a permanent rescue mechanism to cope
with future debt crisis, a top EU official said.
Urgent: Oil price falls on concern about Euro zone debt issue
Crude prices fell on Thursday as concerns about the euro zone economy helping to
weigh on oil prices. Light, sweet crude for January delivery lost 92 cents to
87.70 U.S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile.
1st LD: EU leaders agree on treaty change: Van Rompuy
European Union (EU) leaders Thursday reached an agreement on a change to the
Lisbon treaty to allow for the setup of a permanent rescue mechanism to cope
with future debt crisis, a top EU official said.
U.S. federal ggents seize 11 tons of marijuana in Chicago area,
arrest 7
U.S. federal agents arrested seven people Wednesday after 11 tons of marijuana
was found packed into six railroad cars from Mexico to Chicago, which may be the
largest pot seizure ever in Chicago area, according to a Thursday report of
Chicago Tribune and WLS TV.
Russia-Georgia talks in Geneva end with no agreement
Russia and Georgia concluded their 14th round of talks here on Thursday, without
reaching agreement on security and other issues of mutual concern.
Brazil, Turkey sign taxation agreement
Brazil's Foreign Minister Celso Amorim and Turkey's Minister for EU Affairs
Egeman Bagis signed on Thursday here an agreement to avoid double taxation in
the bilateral trade.
Gold continues to slide on stronger dollar, profit-taking
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange lost more
ground on Thursday, undermined by the aggressive gains of U.S. dollar against
other major currencies as well as investors'profit-taking before the end of the
year. Silver and platinum both trended lower.
A/H1N1 flu spreads in Finnish army
The A/H1N1 influenza epidemic has spread in the army bases across Finland with
the confirmed cases totaling 48, Finnish media reported Thursday.
Intergenerational solidarity needed to combat poverty: UN
The UN committee on aging on Thursday highlighted the importance of
intergenerational solidarity to combat poverty in order to mark the
International Human Solidarity Day 2010 which will take place here next week.
Governments must build capacity globally for growing migration:
IOM report
As migration continues to increase in scope and complexity due to environmental,
economic, and political factors, countries must increase their capacity to
manage movement of peoples, Michele Klein-Solomon, permanent observer of the
International Organization for Migration (IOM) to the UN, told reporters here
Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: Oil price falls on concern about Euro zone debt
issue
Crude prices fell on Thursday as concerns about the euro zone economy helping to
weigh on oil prices, despite some upbeat economic data.
Wal-Mart recalls 2.2 million heaters due to safety hazards
Retailer giant Wal-Mart is recalling about 2.2 million heaters due to fire and
burn hazards, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) announced on
Thursday.
U.S. moves to make foreign aid more transparent
The U.S. State Department moved on Thursday to make foreign assistance more
transparent one day after its revamped foreign policy approach focuses more on
development.
Urgent: U.S. stocks close higher on upbeat economic data
U.S. stocks closed higher on Thursday as series of positive economic news and
some companies' good performance stimulated investors' confidence.
Mercosur countries agree on trade, legal cooperation
Member countries of South America's trade bloc Mercosur on Thursday reached a
series of agreements to broaden cooperation on issues including trade and legal
affairs.
(Correction) 1st LD Writethru: Oil price falls on concern about
Euro zone debt issue
Crude prices fell on Thursday as concerns about the euro zone economy helping to
weigh on oil prices, despite some upbeat economic data.
Sarkozy plans to gather internet leaders on G8 sideline: report
French President Nicolas Sarkozy considered to gather famous website founders
and bloggers from G8 states on sidelines of G8 summit scheduled for 2011, local
media reported on Thursday.
Yao Ming injured again to endanger career
Houston Rockets center Yao Ming had a stress fracture in his left ankle, the
injury is related to the ankle sprain that he suffered earlier this year, which
could put his career in danger, Houston Rocket confirmed on Thursday.
Urgent: Dollar mixed on rising bond yield, upbeat data
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies Thursday as bond yield
went up and jobless situation got better.
U.S. trying to outline path forward for Mideast peace: spokesman
The United States is trying to "outline a path forward" by continued engagement
with the Israelis and the Palestinians, U.S. State Department spokesman Philip
Crowley said on Thursday.
UN chief calls on Security Council to combat sexual violence
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Thursday called on the UN Security Council
to make combating sexual violence a "top priority."
1st LD Writethru: Dollar mixed on rising bond yield, upbeat data
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies as bond yield went up and
jobless situation got better.
Britain unveils new green energy program for private sector
The British government unveiled plans on Thursday to increase the proportion of
electricity coming from renewable sources from 7 percent to 30 percent by 2020
and a 110 -billion-pound (about 171.7 billion U.S. dollars) investment in new
power plants, including nuclear ones.
Interview: Italy's cultural heritage falling down because of
neglect: expert
by Silvia Marchetti
Real Esteli, Real Madrid sign sports promotion agreement
The board of directors of the Nicaraguan championship team, Real Esteli, and the
Spanish club Real Madrid on Thursday signed a declaration of intent to encourage
sports cooperation and promotion.
1st LD-Writethru: U.S. stocks rise on upbeat economic data
U.S. stocks rose on Thursday as series of positive economic data and some
companies' good performance boosted the market sentiment.
U.S. tries to mend relations with Azerbaijan after cable leaks
The U.S. State Department said on Thursday that State Secretary Hillary Clinton
had called Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev on Wednesday, in an apparent bid
to mend relations after leaked U.S. diplomatic cables showed American diplomats'
unflattering comments on Aliyev.
Highway accident leaves 15 dead in Peruvian Amazon
At least 15 people died in an accident on Thursday in the Peruvian Amazon, when
a bus fell off the side of a road, according to preliminary police reports.
UN poised to set up new structure to punish criminals of wartime
sexual violence
The United Nations is poised to establish a new structure of accountability in
order to ensure that "mass rape is never again met with mass impunity," a UN
envoy said here Thursday.
EP president supports fast-track approval of permanent bailout
mechanism
European Parliament President Jerzy Buzek said on Thursday that the European
Union (EU)'s legislative body would support a fast-track approval of a permanent
bailout mechanism in the euro zone.
UN calls for restraint, calm in Cote d'Ivoire
The UN Mission in Cote d' Ivoire (ONUCI) has called on all Ivorian parties to
show restraint and to remain calm, UN spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters here
Thursday.
UN peacekeepers helping train DR Congo police on security in
mining centers
UN peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) are helping train
national police officers to secure trade centers in the mineral-rich Kivu
provinces in the eastern part of the African country, UN officials said here
Thursday.
Leverkusen eliminates Atletico Madrid from Europa League
Defending Europa League champion Atletico Madrid was held to a 1-1 draw against
Leverkusen, which was not enough for the Spanish club as Aris Saloniki wrapped
second position in-group B with 2-0 victory against Trondheim on Thursday.
Cyprus cuts state operating cost to curb deficit
Cyprus' parliament on Thursday approved the 2011 state budget which includes
raising taxes and reducing state operating cost by 40 million euros (about 30.2
million U.S. dollars) in a bid to curb rising deficit.
Roundup: Canadian stocks fall for third day as commodity prices
retreat
Canadian stocks fell for a third day on Thursday as commodity prices retreated.
The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index closed down 47.84 points, or 0.36 percent, at
13, 181.23.
Brazil, Australia sign agreement to promote sports
Brazil and Australia signed a memorandum of understanding on Thursday to
exchange information on sport events, since Brazil will host 2014 FIFA World Cup
and 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Roundup: Russia-Georgia talks in Geneva end with no agreement
Russia and Georgia concluded their 14th round of talks here on Thursday, without
reaching agreement on security and other issues of mutual concern.
Wintry weather blasts U.S.
A snowfall on Thursday brought temperature in U.S. capital Washington D.C. down
below zero degree Celsius, as freezing rain and storm elsewhere glazed roads,
creating problems for travelers.
Perimeter of U.S. embassy in Cote d'Ivoire hit by grenade:
spokesman
U.S. State Department spokesman said on Thursday that the perimeter of American
embassy in Cote d' Ivoire was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade and the embassy
is considering to authorize departure of its personnel given the rising
violence.
Chicago soybean falls as weekly export sales plunge
Chicago soybean futures trended lower on Thursday, undermined by the downbeat
weekly export sale.
UN Security Council adopts resolution on fight against sexual
violence
The UN Security Council on Thursday unanimously adopted a resolution that will
allow UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to list parties who have committed acts
of sexual violence in reports to the 15-member body.
Roundup: U.S. stocks rise on upbeat economic data
U.S. stocks rose on Thursday as series of positive economic data and some
companies' good performance boosted the market sentiment.
Security Council "deeply concerned" about post-election violence
in Cote d'Ivoire
The UN Security Council has condemned violence that broke out after contested
run-off presidential elections in Cote d'Ivoire, U.S. UN Ambassador Susan Rice,
who holds the rotating Council presidency for December, told reporters here
Thursday.
U.S. healthcare law faces new legal challenge in Florida
Lawyers for 20 U.S. states on Thursday asked a federal judge in Florida to
strike down the new healthcare law, three days after a Virginian judge ruled a
core piece of the law unconstitutional.
EU leaders meet to create permanent rescue mechanism
European Union (EU) leaders began their two-day summit on Thursday, looking to
amend the Lisbon treaty to pave the way for the establishment of a permanent
rescue mechanism to restore market confidence.
Chinese, Indian leaders urge peace, tranquility in border regions
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh on Thursday
urged both sides to jointly safeguard peace and tranquility in the border areas,
and to maintain cooperation in various fields.
Roundup: Chinese premier, Indian PM reach consensus on bilateral,
international issues
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh on Thursday
reaffirmed their commitment to promote bilateral relations.
Chinese premier, Indian president meet on bilateral ties
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Indian President Pratibha Patil both called for
enhanced cooperation between the two countries here on Thursday.
Chinese premier calls for enhanced exchanges with India
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao here on Thursday called for enhanced
exchanges in various fields with India.
Chinese premier vows further party-to-party exchanges with India
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao here on Thursday pledged to promote exchanges between
the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the Indian National Congress (INC) party,
the ruling party of India.
Chinese, Indian leaders call for enhanced friendship
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh here on
Thursday called for continuous efforts to enhance the friendly relations between
the two countries.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 17
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao here on Thursday called for enhanced
exchanges in various fields with India.
Stocks close higher in Mexico,  Argentina, lower in Brazil
Latin America's three major stock markets ended mixed on Thursday.
EU president sees no need to increase exisiting rescue fund
President of the European Council Herman Van Rompuy said on Thursday he saw no
need to increase the existing rescue fund at the moment but did not rule out the
possibility of doing so in the future.
Argentine airline reports 917 million dollars profits
Argentine airline Aerolineas Argentinas reported profits of 917 million U.S.
dollars in the first 10 months of this year, nearly 50 percent more than last
year, the company said on Thursday.
Brazil, Australia to strengthen ties
Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim met his Australian counterpart, Kevin
Rudd, here Thursday and they agreed to further strengthen bilateral ties.
U.S. embassy vehicle attacked outside Yemeni capital: spokesman
U.S. State Department spokesman Philip Crowley confirmed on Thursday that a U.S.
embassy vehicle was attacked outside Sana, the capital of Yemen, but no one was
injured.
Mercosur nations adopt social development plan
Foreign Ministers from Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay on Thursday
approved a social development plan for the Common Market of the South (Mercosur)
including a plan to eradicate illiteracy, hunger and poverty.
IMF Board of Governors approves quota and governance reforms
The Board of Governors of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has approved a
package of far- reaching reforms of the fund's quotas and governance, according
to a statement released by the IMF on Thursday.
Venezuelan president announces construction of 3,370 homes
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced on Thursday the construction of 3,370
homes in the coastal state of Vargas, which will be given to families who lost
everything in the rains.
Roundup: EU leaders agree to establish permanent bailout
mechanism
by Xinhua writers Liu Xiaoyan, Wang Cong
New tax system to support social expenditures in Cuba
Cuba's new tax system will support social expenditures, Finance Minister Lina
Pedraza said here Thursday.
Backgrounder: Basic facts about Pakistan
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao will pay an official visit to Pakistan on Friday at
the invitation of Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani.
Severe ice, crew errors cause Cuban plane crash
Severe ice conditions and errors by the crew caused the crash of a Cuban
aircraft on Nov. 4, the Civil Aeronautics Institute of Cuba (IACC) said
Thursday.
Cuban leader meets senior Chinese military official
Cuban leader Raul Castro met here Thursday with Ma Xiaotian, deputy chief of the
General Staff of the Chinese People's Liberation Army.
Cuba introduces lung cancer vaccine
Cuban health authorities introduced the first vaccine to treat advanced lung
cancer in all of the country's clinics, a health official said here Thursday.
Cuban parliament debates Raul Castro's economic reforms
Cuban leader Raul Castro chaired here on Wednesday the debates on 2010 economic
performance, proposals to update tax policy and implementation of reforms to
overcome the serious crisis affecting Cuba.
Mercosur countries to hold meeting
Representatives of Mercosur countries will meet on Thursday and Friday in Foz do
Iguacu, southern Brazil, for the plenary meeting of the Common Market Council
and the 40th Mercosur meeting.
Premier Wen voices hope for closer China-India ties
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao expressed his hope Thursday that his ongoing visit to
India will strengthen bilateral cooperation and lift bilateral ties to a new
height.
China donates 300,000 USD to Venezuelan rain victims
China has donated money to Venezuelan rain victims, the Venezuelan Foreign
Ministry said in a statement Wednesday.
Feature: Sick kids fly high with Santa over Vancouver sky
by Al Campbell
Quotable quotes from visiting Chinese premier in India
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao continued his official visit to India Thursday in a
bid to boost political mutual trust and understanding while cementing
cooperation in economy and trade between the two neighboring countries.
Highlights of Chinese premier's first-day activities in New Delhi
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao kicked off his visit to India on Wednesday. The
following are highlights of his activities there.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 16
The annual trade talks between China and the United States have produced
"positive outcomes," with a host of bilateral agreements signed, visiting
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan said on Wednesday.
Roundup: Chinese premier kicks off visit to India, urges stronger
trade links
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao Wednesday started his official visit to India, in
which he conducted a series of activities with Indian leaders and
representatives from different sectors, urging stronger trade links and
promotion of bilateral cooperation.
Chinese premier, Indian PM hold talks on bilateral ties
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh held
official talks here on Thursday morning to boost political trust between the two
countries and bilateral cooperation in various areas.
Urgent: China, India decides to establish mechanism of regular
exchange
China and India on Thursday decided to establish the mechanism of regular
exchange of visits between heads of state and government, and open the telephone
hotline between Chinese premier and prime minister of India.
Urgent: China, India declares 2011 as "Year of China-India
Exchange"
China and India declared 2011 as the "Year of China-India Exchange" in a joint
communique signed on Thursday in New Delhi.
Roundup: China's aid to flooded Pakistan enhances bilateral
friendship
by Tian Baojian
China, U.S. agree to enhance IPR cooperation
China and the United States agreed Wednesday to enhance cooperation to protect
Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) and strengthen bilateral economic and trade
ties at their annual trade talks.
Urgent: China, India calls for continued int'l adherence to UN
climate principles
China and India called on Thursday in a joint communique for continued
international adherence to the principles of the UN Framework Convention on
Climate Change and the Kyoto Protocol, including that of "common but
differentiated responsibilities."
London stock market up in early trade
London stock market opened higher on Thursday, with the leading FTSE 100 index
up 17.60 points at 5,899.78 points in early trade.
Germany to withdraw troops from Afghanistan in a year
The German government plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan in a year,
considering the development in the Hindu Kush, Afghanistan, German Foreign
Minister Guido Westerwelle said on Thursday.
Urgent: Russia's Agricultural output drops nearly 10 pct: Putin
Agricultural sector output in 2010 will be 9.9 percent down due to the summer
drought, Russia's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said during his live television
question session with the citizens on Thursday.
Urgent: U.S. governor in DPRK to discuss situation on Korean
peninsula
Visiting U.S. New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson said here Thursday that he
would discuss the situation on the Korean peninsula with officials of the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
1st LD: Russia's Agricultural output drops nearly 10 pct: Putin
Agricultural sector output in 2010 will be 9.9 percent down due to the summer
drought, Russia's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said during his live television
question session with the citizens on Thursday.
House prices continue to fall in Spain
Figures published Thursday show that house prices continue to fall in Spain.
Urgent: Premier Wen addresses Indian Council of World Affairs
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivered a speech at the Indian Council of World
Affairs on Thursday, saying the two countries agree that there is enough space
in the world for the development of both China and India and enough areas for
the two countries to cooperate.
Urgent: Both India and China at crucial stage of development: Wen
Both India and China are "at a crucial stage of development," Chinese Premier
Wen Jiabao said when delivering a speech at the Indian Council of World Affairs
Thursday.
2nd LD Writethru: Putin talks on GDP, Agriculture
Russia's GDP would return to pre- crisis levels by the first half of 2012,
Russia's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said during his live television question
session with the citizens on Thursday.
Putin urges crackdown on extremism
Russia must take tough measures against all forms of extremism, Prime Minister
Vladimir Putin said in a question-and-answer TV show Thursday.
Urgent: China takes seriously India's concern about transborder
rivers: Premier Wen
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said here Thursday that "China takes seriously
India's concern about the trans-border rivers, and we are ready to further
improve the joint working mechanism."
Earthquake plan for Southern California signed into effect
State and federal emergency officials on Thursday signed off on a plan designed
to deal with a catastrophic earthquake in Southern California.
Chinese vice premier meets U.S. lawmakers on boosting cooperation
Visiting Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan held separate meetings on Wednesday
with U.S. Senator Kit Bond, and Congressmen Rick Larsen and Charles Boustany on
ways to boost bilateral cooperation.
Urgent: Chinese premier says patience needed in resolving China-
India boundary question
The China-India boundary question is a "historical legacy" and its resolution
requires patience, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said in a speech delivered
Thursday at the Indian Council of World Affairs.
1st LD: China, India agree on closer communications, cooperation
China and India agreed Thursday to regularize their exchange of high-level
visits and inaugurate a package of other measures to enhance bilateral ties.
Roundup: Trade progress strengthening China, U.S. economic ties
Despite disputes and quarrels, the highly scrutinized China-U.S. trade
relationship has been making progress along with elapse of time.
1st LD: Chinese premier addresses Indian Council of World Affairs
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Thursday that China and India agree there is
enough space in the world for the development of both countries and enough areas
for them to cooperate.
1st LD: U.S. senior official arrives in Pyongyang
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson arrived here Thursday for talks with officials
of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) concerning the situation on
the Korean peninsula
2nd LD, Writethru: Chinese premier addresses Indian Council of
World Affairs
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Thursday that China and India agree there is
enough space in the world for the development of both countries and enough areas
for them to cooperate.
London stock market flat by midday
The London stock market rose slightly by midday on Thursday with the leading
FTSE 100 index up 6.93 points at 5,889.11 points at noon.
DPRK criticizes U.S. for sidestepping proposals for dialogue
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) lashed out at the United States
Thursday for sidestepping proposals for dialogue, the official news agency KCNA
reported.
Eurozone inflation stable at 1.9 percent in November
Annual inflation in the euro zone remained stable at 1.9 percent in November,
the European Union (EU)'s statistic office Eurostat said Thursday.
News Analysis: What is global significance of Chinese economic
trend?
by Liu Ying, Ming Jinwei
Brazil launches book on legacy of Shanghai Expo
The Brazilian Trade and Investment Promotion Agency (Apex) has launched a book
and a video on the legacy of the country's participation in the 2010 World Expo
in Shanghai.
7.2 percent of voters participate in early presidential balloting
in Belarus
As early voting for the Belarusian president stretched into a second day, 7.2
percent of voters have appeared in polling stations, an election official said
Thursday.
Urgent: WikiLeaks founder granted bail at London's high court
The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, was granted conditional bail on
Thursday at the High Court in London.
2nd LD,Writethru: China, India agree on closer communications,
cooperation
China and India agreed Thursday to regularize their exchanges of high-level
visits and inaugurate a package of other measures to enhance bilateral ties.
French Vivendi, Deutsche Telekom sign accord to end dispute over
PTC
French Vivendi,the leading European media and entertainment group and Deutsche
Telekom, a German telecom operator, have signed an agreement ending a years-long
legal battle over the ownership of Polish mobile phone operator PTC.
Interview: Pakistan not to compromise ties with China: expert
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao's upcoming visit to Pakistan indicates that Pakistan
would not compromise its relations with its best friend, despite the war on
terror, a Pakistani expert said Thursday.
Putin avoids comment on dismissal of Moscow mayor
It is up to the president to direct the regional governors, and it is the
governors' responsibility to build working relations with the president, Prime
Minister Vladimir Putin said during a live televised question session Thursday.
3rd LD, Writethru: Chinese premier addresses Indian Council of
World Affairs
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Thursday that China and India agree there is
enough space in the world for the development of both countries and enough areas
for them to cooperate.
Russia condemns terrorist attacks in Iran
The Russian Foreign Ministry on Thursday condemned Wednesday's terrorism attacks
in Iran and paid condolences to the families of the victims.
Spanish police detain eight people with links to terrorist group
ETA
Spanish police have detained eight people linked to the outlawed Basque
separatist organization, Segi.
1st LD: WikiLeaks founder granted bail at London's high court
Julian Assange was granted conditional bail on Thursday as the High Court in
London rejected an appeal by prosecutors to keep the WikiLeaks founder behind
bars while he battles an extradition attempt by Sweden.
France's parliament endorses 2011 budget draft
The French parliament has endorsed the government budget draft for 2011 which
aims to trim the fiscal deficit to 6 percent next year.
Ukraine, U.S. reach new level of bilateral relations: ambassador
Ukraine and the United States have reached a new level of bilateral relations,
the Ukrainian ambassador to the U.S. said Thursday.
White House says Afghan gains "fragile," "reversible"
A glimpse of the Obama administration's review of its Afghanistan strategy shows
that even though U.S. and NATO forces have made some gains in part of the
country, those gains are "fragile and reversible."
New headquarters "essential" for NATO to meet challenges:
Rasmussen
NATO's new headquarters at an approximate cost of 460 million euros (608 million
U.S. dollars) are essential for the alliance to meet emerging security
challenges, the NATO chief said Thursday.
Cash-strapped Bulgarian air force to continue reliance on Soviet
fighters
Defense Minister Anyu Angelov said Thursday that Soviet-made fighters would
continue to serve as the mainstay of the Bulgaria's air force due to limited
funding.
Italy suffers from slow growth, says leading business lobby
Italy suffers from the long-lasting "disease" of slow economic growth and its
gross domestic product (GDP) this year was expected to fall below expectations,
a leading business lobby said Thursday.
DPRK develops medicines with swellfish poison
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) has solved scientific and
technological problems in making medicines with swellfish poison, the official
news agency KCNA reported on Thursday.
Eurogroup chief says Italy faces no financial risks
Eurogroup chief Jean-Claude Juncker said Thursday that Italy's economic position
was solid and the country was protected from the risk of financial crisis.
Armenia to get its first Sukhoi Superjet 100 next February
Armenia is expecting its first Sukhoi Superjet 100 aircraft in February next
year as the Russian aeroplane maker Sukhoi Civil Aircraft (SCA CJSC) intends to
deliver 17 Superjet 100 aircraft before the end of 2011.
U.S. home construction rises 3.9 percent in November
U.S. home construction spending increased 3.9 percent in November after two
months of decline but the housing sector remains bumpy as the market still lacks
confidence, the Commerce Department reported Thursday.
Yearender: Second wave of structural reforms vital for Greece to
exit crisis
by Maria Spiliopoulou
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 16
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Thursday that China and India agree there is
enough space in the world for the development of both countries and enough areas
for them to cooperate.
Chinese premier, Indian prime minister reach broad consensus on
variety of issues
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh on Thursday
reached broad consensus on  bilateral ties, and regional and global issues of
mutual interest after having an in-depth exchange of views.
U.S. trade deficit rises for fifth straight quarter in third
quarter
The U.S. current account deficit, the broadest measure of trade imbalance, rose
to 127.2 billion dollars in the July-September quarter, the fifth straight
quarterly increase, the Commerce Department reported Thursday.
Commentary: EU faces  "treaty change"  challenge
by Xinhua Writers Zhang Chongfang &amp; Laura Douxfils
Austria evolving into high-tax country
Austria's National Debt Committee said Thursday that the country would see its
tax ratio increase to 44.3 percent of the GDP next year.
Boston's point guard Rondo to miss weeks of NBA action due to
injury
The Boston Celtics confirmed on Thursday that point guard Rajon Rondo will miss
"a couple of weeks" due to a sprained left ankle.
Venezuelan swimmer Subirats wins silver at world short course
championships
Venezuelan swimmer Albert Subirats was beaten by just one hundredth of a second
to win a silver in the men's 100m butterfly at the world short course
championships on Thursday.
Defending champ Ryu confident of South Korean win at China Ladies
Open
On the eve of the start of the 250,000-U.S.-dollar China Ladies Open Friday in
Xiamen, defending champion Ryu So-yeon vowed to continue the South Korean
dominance of the national championship that has seen her countrymen win for four
consecutive years.
Yao remains upbeat despite new stress fracture
Chinese basketball star Yao Ming, who has a stress fracture in his left ankle,
is upbeat to return to the court while his team remains cautious.
Denmark, Sweden reach semis at European women's handball
championship
Denmark and Sweden made it to the semifinals of the European women's handball
championship on Thursday.
Philippines to play all out to defeat Indonesian squad at Suzuki
Cup
Philippine coach Simon MsMenemy said that his soccer team would play to the
maximum of their ability against Indonesia at the Asean Football Federation
(AFF) Suzuki Cup on Thursday evening in Jakarta.
Euroleague basketball to be broadcasted alive in China
Euroleague basketball CEO Jordi Bertomeu announced Thursday that the matches
beyond the round of 16 for the 2010-2011 season would be broadcasted live in
China.
Nigeria soccer coach to meet Europe-based players
Nigeria's soccer head coach Samson Siasia will leave for Europe this weekend to
meet some key players of the national team, according to the Nigeria Football
Federation (NFF).
Alonso rejects claims of internal conflict at Real Madrid
Real Madrid midfielder Xabi Alonso this Thursday rejected claims of a bad
atmosphere between several players in the Real Madrid dressing room.
Mallorca sign Japanese midfield player
Spanish BBVA Primera Liga club Mallorca has completed the signing of Japanese
midfielder Akihiro Ienaga.
Russia's World Cup bid not won by luck: Putin
Russia won the bid to host 2018 World Cup not by luck, but by a fully
preparation, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said in an annual question-
and-answer TV show on Thursday.
Kenyan president pledges support for sports
Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki reassured citizens on Thursday that the government
will continue to support all endeavors aimed at promoting sports as one of the
key industries in the country which will not only create employment but also
provide career paths for the youth.
(China Sports) Games volunteers capture the soul of Paralympic
spirit
Cold snap continue to hit Guangzhou with the lowest temperature being two
centigrade on Thursday. But volunteers of Asian Para Games are doing all they
can to ensure the athletes feel comfortable and "warm" in Guangzhou.
Indiscipline blamed on Zambia's poor show at CECAFA tournament
A senior Zambian government official says indiscipline among members of the
national soccer team's technical bench was responsible for the team's early exit
at the Council of East and Central Africa Football Association (CECAFA) Senior
Challenge Cup held in Tanzania recently, the Post of Zambia reported on
Thursday.
Chinese volleyball players dominate Asian Beach Games
Chinese volleyball players Zhang Xi and her partner Xue Chen on Thursday won the
Asian Beach Games title after eight victories in a row without losing one set,
while Wu Penggen and Xu Linyin won the men's title after defeating their Kazak
rivals.
Georgia climbs up FIFA world rankings
The South Caucasus country of Georgia has climbed up the FIFA world rankings
further, to share the 73rd place with Poland thanks to an away win over Slovenia
in a friendly match.
Hong Kong official cheers for athletes at Guangzhou Asian Para
Games
The Chief Secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong government Henry Tang on
Thursday met Hong Kong athletes and volunteers participating in the 2010 Asian
Para Games in Guangzhou.
UAE wins beach soccer champion in Asian Beach Games
Beach soccer players from the United Arab Emirates on Thursday won the gold
medal of the 2nd Asian Beach Games in Muscat, after they defeated the host Oman
with a come-from-behind victory.
(China Sports) Guangzhou Asian Para Games reflect China's care
for the disabled:  Official
The ongoing Guangzhou 2010 Asian Para Games is a festival for the disabled
athletes from across the continent. Wang Xinxian, President of Chinese
Paralympic Committee believes the Games can well reflect China's care for the
disabled people.
England dominates on day one of third Ashes Test against
Australia
England on Thursday set up a series-deciding victory in Perth of Australia,
after dismissing Australia for 268 on the opening day of the third Ashes Test.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 16
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 16:
Cambodia welcomes more Chinese investment: PM
Cambodia welcomes more investment from east China's Jiangsu Province, Prime
Minister Hun Sen said Thursday.
2nd LD Writethru: Chinese state councilor meets senior U.S.
diplomat
Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo met with U.S. Deputy Secretary of State
James Steinberg here Thursday afternoon.
China to intensify its capability of weather modification
China will strengthen its abilities to modify weather in the future, a top
Chinese meteorologist said here Thursday, as the country's meteorologists seek
to develop more technologies to triumph over nature.
Cambodian PM concludes China visit
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen left  here Friday morning, concluding his five-
day official visit to China.
Subsidy for sea burials to increase fivefold in Shanghai
China's eastern city Shanghai will increase subsidies for sea burials by
fivefold to preserve limited land resources.
China's yuan strengthens to 6.6593 per USD Friday
The value of yuan strengthened as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6593 per U.S. dollar Friday, compared with Thursday's
6.6635, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
Chinese shares open lower Friday
Chinese shares opened lower Friday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
down 0.05 percent to 2,896.77 at the opening.
China stock index futures open mixed Friday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Friday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, opened 0.6 points higher at 3,238.8.
ChiNext Index opens lower Friday
ChiNext stocks declined 0.17 percent, or 2.1 points, to open at 1,222.93 points
Friday.
Hong Kong stocks open slightly lower -- Dec. 17
Hong Kong stocks dipped 7.9 points, or 0.03 percent, to open at 22,660.88 on
Friday.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 112 HK dollars to open at 12,730 HK
dollars per tael on Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
Chongqing Rural Commercial Bank gains 3.8 pct at Hong Kong debut
HONG KONG, Dec.16 (Xinhua)-- Chongqing Rural Commercial Bank, the first Chinese
mainland-based rural bank listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, started
trading at 5.45 HK dollars at its debut on Thursday, representing an increase of
3.8 percent from its offering price.
Chinese shares close lower at midday Friday
China's stocks closed lower in the morning trading session Friday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 0.34 percent to 2,888.34.
Lhasa upgrades public transport with new buses
Tibet's capital, Lhasa, is replacing old minibuses with new coaches to cut
exhaust emissions and provide more efficient public transport, a city transport
official said Thursday.
Two fishermen rescued, 25 still missing after vessel sinks in
South China sea
Two Vietnamese fishermen were rescued Friday morning and 25 others were still
missing after their vessel sank in the South China Sea for more than 20 hours.
Philippines deeply regrets Manila hostage incident: Hong Kong
official
The Philippine Tourism Secretary Alberto A. Lim deeply regretted on Manila
hostage incident which left eight Hong Kong tourists dead,  Secretary for
Security of the Hong Kong government Ambrose Lee said on Thursday.
China's stocks close lower Thursday
Chinese shares fell Thursday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index closing
down 0.46 percent, or 13.27 points, to end at 2,898.14 points.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 16
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,898.14 Thursday, down 13.27 points, or 0.46 percent, from the previous
close.
Shenzhen stock indices down -- Dec. 16
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower
Thursday to end at 12,795.68 points, down 33.68 points, or 0.26 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec.16
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,230.67 points Thursday, down 16.98 points, or 0.52
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 16
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, rose
13.23 points, or 1.09 percent, to close at 1,225.03 on Thursday.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 16
China's stock index futures closed lower Thursday with the contract for
December, the most actively traded, down 1 percent from the previous trading day
to end at 3,228.4 points.
China Exclusive: China's cities breed a new generation -- the
empty-nesters
At the age of 80, Lu Quanbao, and his wife Bao, 75, are enjoying a leisurely
retirement in their three-bedroom apartment in north Beijing.
Urgent: Chinese state councilor meets senior U.S. diplomat
Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo met with U.S. Deputy Secretary of State
James Steinberg here Thursday afternoon.
China's per capita antibiotics consumption 10 times global
average
China's per capita consumption of antibiotics was 10 times the global average,
said an official with the State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA) Thursday.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.29 pct -- Dec. 16
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Thursday with the weighted index up 25.49
points, or 0.29 percent, to close at 8,782.2, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Hong Kong stocks close down 1.33 pct -- Dec. 16
Hong Kong stocks closed down 306. 57 points, or 1.33 percent, at 22,668.78 on
Thursday.
Train reopened in HK's Ocean Park as accident investigation
completed
The train operating in Hong Kong's Ocean Park will be reopened Thursday as the
authorities has completed an investigation of a train-related accident, the Hong
Kong government said on Thursday.
1st Ld-Writethru: China's stocks close lower Thursday
Chinese shares fell Thursday, driven down by financial stocks over rate increase
concerns.
China pipeline carries 4 billion cu m of gas from Central Asia
China's first pipeline for natural gas imports had carried almost 4 billion
cubic meters of gas from Central Asia in its first year of operation, a pipeline
supervisor told Xinhua Thursday.
China to send seventh satellite for indigenous global navigation,
positioning network
China will launch its seventh orbiter into space in "coming days" as part of its
indigenous satellite-navigation and -positioning network.
China's banking regulator urges banks to be more prudent in
lending
China's banking regulator said Thursday it was requiring commercial banks in the
country to be more prudent and strict in assessing credit risks amid concerns
that new lending for the last month of the year could be more difficult to
obtain.
1st Ld: Chinese state councilor meets senior U.S. diplomat
Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo met with U.S. Deputy Secretary of State
James Steinberg here Thursday afternoon.
China's 2010 machinery, electronic exports to hit 940 bln USD
China is expected to be the world's largest exporter of machinery and electronic
products in 2010, with export value of the goods up 30 percent year on year to
940 billion U.S. dollars, said an industrial head Thursday.
Philippines to finalize 2nd report on Manila hostage incident
The Philippine Tourism Secretary Alberto A. Lim said here Thursday the second
investigation report on the Manila hostage incident which left eight Hong Kong
tourists dead will be finalized early next year.
Roundup: HK stocks down 1.33 pct
Hong Kong stocks went down over 300 points on Thursday.
HK's exports up 8.9 pct in October
Hong Kong's total exports of goods increased by 8.9 percent from a year earlier
in October, said the Census and Statistics Department of the Hong Kong
government on Thursday.
27 fishermen missing after Vietnam-registered vessel sinks in
South China sea
Twenty-seven fishermen are missing after a Vietnam-registered vessel sank in the
South China Sea, said maritime rescue authorities Thursday.
China's 2nd longest river sees 480 km ice run, officials warn of
ice flood
A 480-kilometer-long ice run has appeared in the Yellow River, China's second
longest waterway as of 10 a.m. Wednesday, said a report released by the Yellow
River Conservancy Committee (YRCC) Thursday.
China again calls for restart of Six-Party Talks
China on Thursday again called for a restart of the Six-Party Talks, saying
parties involved in the dialogue should strive to bring it back on track.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 16
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 16:
HK's unemployment rate up 4.1 pct in September-November
Hong Kong's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate decreased from 4.2 percent in
August-October period to 4.1 percent in September-November, according to the
latest statistics released Thursday by the Census and Statistics Department of
the Hong Kong government.
Moderate growth for Hong Kong exports expected in 2011
After a strong rebound in 2010, Hong Kong exports are set to moderate, with
eight percent growth expected in 2011, according to a new Hong Kong Trade
Development Council (HKTDC) report released on Thursday.
China's November power consumption climbs 5.36 pct year on year
China's power consumption in November stood at 346 billion kilowatt-hours (kwh),
up 5.36 percent year on year, according to a statement released Thursday by the
National Energy Administration (NEA).
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong closed down 51 HK dollars at 12,842 HK dollars per
tael on Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index down 1.19 pct
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange lost
150.09 points, or 1.19 percent, to close Thursday's trading at 12,434.95.
China condemns bombing in southeast Iran: FM
China on Thursday condemned the bombing attack against civilians in southeast
Iran and offered its condolences to the victims' families.
NW China mudslide-ravaged county to have memorial park
Construction has begun to create a memorial park in Zhouqu of northwestern
China's Gansu Province to commemorate victims of the massive mudslide that
flattened part of the county early August.
China to revise job categories list
China will revise its list of 1,838 different kinds of job categories, which was
made by the Ministry of Labor and Social Security, Quality and Technical
Supervision Bureau and National Statistics Bureau in 1999.
China acrobatics needs improvement for world stage: cultural
minister
Despite numerous international prizes won in recent years, China has much to do
in order to become a "real powerhouse" on the international acrobatics stage,
Minister of Culture Cai Wu has said.
China cracks down on IPR violations as new year approaches
Chinese police have uncovered 676 cases of intellectual property rights (IPR)
violations and arrested 1,586 suspects in November, a spokesman of the Ministry
of Public Security said Thursday.
China, EU to hold dialogue on economy, trade in Beijing
China and the European Union (EU) will hold their third High-Level Economic and
Trade Dialogue (HED) in Beijing on Dec. 21, announced Foreign Ministry
spokeswoman Jiang Yu here Thursday.
Global fund managers favor emerging markets assets: survey
The majority of global fund managers polled are taking an overweight view on
assets in fast growing regions such as the emerging markets overall and Asia-
Pacific ex-Japan in the last quarter this year, said HSBC in its latest fund
managers' survey released on Thursday.
China, Ethiopia celebrate 40th anniversary of diplomatic ties
China and Ethiopia celebrated their 40th anniversary of the establishment of
bilateral diplomatic relations at a reception here Thursday.
China observes 100th birthday of senior political advisor
A symposium was held here Thurady to commemorate the 100th birthday of the late
Wang Feng, a veteran revolutionary of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
China-Japan relations show signs of improvement: FM
Sino-Japanese relations have shown signs of improvement and development, Chinese
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said Thursday.
At least five die in bus collision in east China
At least five people were killed and a dozen injured Thursday when two buses
collided in Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province.
275 Chinese peacekeeping troops leave for Liberia
A 275-strong squad of Chinese troops left Beijing Thursday aboard a chartered
plane for Liberia to join the United Nations-mandated peacekeeping mission in
the west African country.
Panda couple ready to leave for Macao
A pair of giant pandas are in quarantine at their breeding base in southwest
China's Sichuan Province, as panda keepers make last minute preparations for
their departure for Macao.
1st LD: At least five die in bus crash in east China
At least five people were killed and a dozen injured Thursday when two buses
collided in Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province.
Hometown of Sun Yat-sen plans international tour to commemorate
1911 Revolution
The hometown of Dr. Sun Yat-sen, leader of the 1911 Revolution, has been
preparing a cross-border tour to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the
revolution which brought an end to feudal China.
China Exclusive: China's foreign trade to top 2.9 trillion USD
this year: minister
China's foreign trade is expected to exceed 2.9 trillion U.S. dollars this year,
and the country expects its trade and international payments to be more balanced
over the next five years, Minister of Commerce Chen Deming said Thursday.
China exposes 19 websites for spreading lewd flash, cell phone
games
China's press watchdog has exposed 19 domestic websites responsible for
distributing obscene flash and cell phone games as part of the country's latest
efforts to clean up the Internet.
Death toll of 1920 China earthquake higher than previously
estimated
The 8.5-magnitude Haiyuan Earthquake that shook northwest China in 1920 killed
about 273,400 people, over 40,000 more than previously estimated, a Chinese
seismologist said Thursday.
Gang boss sentenced to life in prison in southwest China mob
crackdown
A ringleader was sentenced to life imprisonment Thursday after being convicted
of ten gang-related charges in southwest China's Chongqing Municipality.
China attaches importance to management of scientific funding:
state councilor
Chinese State Councilor Liu Yandong met here Thursday with experts of the
International Evaluation Committee on National Natural Science Foundation
(NSFC)'s Funding and Management Performance.
Hong Kong welcomes S&amp;P raising its credit ratings
Hong Kong Financial Secretary John Tsang has welcomed Standard and Poor's
decision to upgrade Hong Kong's long-term foreign-currency and local-currency
ratings from "AA+" to "AAA", which is the highest rating ever assigned to Hong
Kong, the city's government said in a statement on Thursday.
Two ancient imperial mausoleums located in N China
Chinese archaeologists determined on Thursday the exact location of two ancient
imperial mausoleums dating back 1,300 years following explorations in north
China's Hebei Province.
Chinese Vice Premier urges steady, fast economic growth in next
five years
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang has urged more efforts to maintain steady and
rapid economic growth and accelerate the transformation of the economic
development pattern over the next five years.
1st LD-Writethru: China's per capita antibiotics consumption at
10 times global average
China's per capita consumption of antibiotics was 10 times the global average,
said an official with the State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA) on Thursday.
Macao prepares habitat and staff for panda pair
To welcome the panda pair given by China's central government, Macao has made
meticulous preparation works through building a habitat and training a team of
keepers and veterinarians, a civic official of the Macao Special Administrative
Region (SAR) government said on Thursday.
2nd LD Writethru: Six die in bus crash in east China
Six people were killed and a dozen injured Thursday when two buses collided in
Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province.
Algeria army kills 12 terrorists in three days: paper
The Algerian army has killed at least 12 terrorists in the past three days
during a combing operation in the north of the country, local el-Khabar
newspaper reported Friday.
Iran arrests 8 terrorists related to suicide bomb attack
Iran's Intelligence Ministry said eight terrorists, involved in the December 15
suicide bomb attack in southeastern city of Chabahar, were arrested on Thursday,
the official IRNA news agency reported on Friday.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2210 GMT, Dec. 17
Iran's Intelligence Ministry said eight terrorists, involved in the December 15
suicide bomb attack in southeastern city of Chabahar, were arrested on Thursday,
the official IRNA news agency reported on Friday.
Cargo ship crashes into sea cliff in south Turkey, 1 missing
A Bolivian-flagged cargo ship crashed into sea cliff at south Turkey's
Mediterranean coast due to heavy storm on Friday, with one crew member missing,
local media reported.
Palestinians to appeal UN Security Council against settlement:
spokesman
The Palestinians will soon apply to the UN Security Council to issue a
resolution that condemns Israeli settlement in the occupied Palestinian
territories, including east Jerusalem, a senior Palestinian official said
Friday.
Maltese FM visits Gaza, pledges help
Foreign Minister of Malta Tonio Borg visited on Friday in the Hamas-ruled Gaza
Strip, and pledged to help improve the living conditions of the population in
the coastal enclave.
Two soldiers killed in al-Qaida attack in Yemen
At least two security soldiers were killed and more than 10 others wounded
Friday in an al-Qaida attack in Yemen's southern province of Abyan, a provincial
security official said.
Tunisian premier receives delegation of Japan's House of
Councilors
Tunis, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- Tunisian Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi met Friday
a delegation from the Japanese House of Councilors to discuss economic
cooperation, reported the official Tunisian Press Agency.
Egypt arrests 20 African migrants in Sinai
Egyptian police arrested on Friday 20 African migrants trying to infiltrate to
Israel, according to security source.
Suspect arrested over U.S. embassy vehicle attack in Yemeni
capital
Yemeni Interior Ministry said Friday it captured an Arab resident who hurled a
hand grenade to a Toyota Hilux pickup belonging to foreign residents in Sanaa.
Palestinians say Bolivia recognizes state
The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced Friday that the Bolivian
Republic officially recognized the establishment of an independent Palestinian
state on the 1967 territories.
Two killed, 10 injured in Egypt's building collapse
Cairo, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- Two people were killed and 10 others injured Friday
after a partial collapse of a building in Egypt's northern port city of
Alexandria, official MENA news agency said.
Erekat: Israel's seriousness depends on recognizing Palestinian
state
Israel's seriousness in making peace with the Palestinians depends on its
recognition of a Palestinian state established on the territories it occupied in
1967 with East Jerusalem as its capital, a senior Palestinian official said
Friday.
New Zealand, Malaysia signs halal meat agreement
New Zealand's meat export market is set grow after Malaysia this week agreed to
a halal standards agreement, according to a statement on Saturday.
Australian researchers hail lung cancer breakthrough
Australian doctors on Saturday said they have found a lung cancer treatment that
could turn a common form of the highly lethal disease into a manageable
condition such as diabetes.
Protests erupt on Australia's Christmas Island detention center
Two separate protests involving more than 100 asylum seekers have erupted on
Christmas Island, Australia's Immigration Department confirmed on Saturday.
Cambodian PM back home from visit to China
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen returned home on Friday after concluding his
five-day official visit to China, at the invitation of Chinese Premier Wen
Jiabao.
Australian defense minister welcomes U.S. assessment on
Afghanistan
Australian Defense Minister Stephen Smith on Friday welcomed the review released
by U.S. President Barack Obama on the war plan in Afghanistan.
Indonesia predicts cacao industry to grow next year
The cocoa processing industry in Indonesia was forecast to grow 55 percent next
year, a media reported here Friday.
Interview: Malaysian gov't to empower elderly
By Jia Ning Tan
Singapore's NODX growth slows to 10 pct in November
Singapore's non-oil domestic exports (NODX) slowed considerably in November
posting a 10 percent rise, after surging a robust 35 percent in October,
official data showed on Friday.
S. Korea's new Army chief vows reform, enhanced combat readiness
South Korea's new Army chief vowed Friday military reform to maximize combat
capabilities, local media reported.
Indonesia grants bigger access for poor people to have houses
Indonesian parliament on Friday enacted a bill on housing and residence area in
which it grants bigger access for poor people to have houses.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 17
A Japanese man wielding a knife wounded 13 people Friday morning outside a
railway station in Ibaraki prefecture, northeast of Tokyo, local media reported.
Urgent: Drone strike kills 5 suspected militants in NW Pakistan
An United States drone strike in Pakistan's tribal region killed five suspected
militants including an important commander on Friday morning in Khyber tribal
agency of northwest Pakistan, local TV channel ARY reported.
Indonesian gov't urged to stabilize currency, monitor global
development
Indonesia's House of Representative on Friday urged the government to stabilize
currency and to monitor global development as it is expected to affect
development of foreign capital inflow.
Australian Navy acts quickly in asylum-seekers rescue: defense
minister
The Australian Navy acted swiftly once it was notified a boat carrying asylum
seekers had crashed on Christmas Island, Defense Minister Stephen Smith said on
Friday.
1st LD Writethru: 2 drone strikes kill 8 suspected militants in
NW Pakistan
Two United States drone strikes killed at least eight suspected militants
including an important commander on Friday morning in Khyber tribal agency of
northwest Pakistan, local TV channels reported.
Banks to be helped with liquidity for Basel III in Australia
Australian banks will be allowed to set up a secured liquidity facility with the
central bank to comply with the new Basel III requirements, which the world's
banking regulators agreed on in September.
2nd LD Writethru: 2 drone strikes kill 8 suspected militants in
NW Pakistan
Two United States drone strikes killed at least eight suspected militants,
including an important commander, on Friday morning in Khyber tribal agency of
northwest Pakistan, local TV channels reported.
Suicide bomber killed in S. Afghanistan
A suicide bomber was killed in Afghanistan's southern Kandahar province Friday
when his explosive vest was detonated prematurely, a police official said.
6 killed as rockets hit house in NW Pakistan
Rockets fired from unknown direction Friday struck a house in northwest Pakistan
and killed at least six people and injured several others, state television
reported.
Indonesian gov't must increase protection on migrant workers:
parliament
Indonesia's House of Representative on Friday urged the government to increase
protection on migrant workers following recent cases of rampant maltreatment on
maids working in Saudi Arabia.
Indonesian central bank says inflation pressure to ease in 2011
Inflation pressure was forecast to ease next year compared to the higher-than-
expected inflation rate target this year, central bank governor Darmin Nasution
said here Friday.
3rd LD Writethru: U.S. drone strikes kill 10 in NW Pakistan
The United States' drone aircraft fired missiles into Pakistan's Khyber tribal
region on Friday and killed at least 10 people, including two commanders of a
militant group, local TV channels reported.
Calligraphic works from mountainous Chinese county exhibited in
Tokyo
An array of 60 calligraphic works by artists and enthusiasts in a mountainous
county in east China's Jiangxi Province are displayed in the Chinese Culture
Center in Tokyo.
4th LD Writethru: U.S. drone strikes kill 21 in NW Pakistan
U.S. drone aircraft fired missiles into Pakistan's Khyber tribal region on
Friday and killed at least 21 people, including two commanders of a militant
group, local TV channels reported.
Over 100 detainees riot at Christmas Island of Australia
A riot broken out at the Christmas Island detention center on Friday after some
detainees were told that they were being taken to identify bodies from the boat
crash on Wednesday, according to Australia's local media reports.
Urgent: S. Korean financial watchdog announces to halt Woori
Finance sale
South Korea's Financial Services Commision (FSC) on Friday announced it will
halt the process to sell a controlling stake in Woori Finance Holdings Co..
Thai Deputy PM optimistic on anti-govt red leader meeting with PM
Thai Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban said on Friday he is optimistic
with the brief meeting between Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva and anti-
government red- shirt leader Thida Thavornseth.
Roundup: Bargain hunters end Philippine shares' two-day decline
The Philippine market closed Friday's session 0.44 percent higher after bargain
hunters took advantage of the depressed issues.
Cambodian PM Hun Sen's China trip fruitful: official
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen's official visit to China concluded with good
result and the two countries' relations reached a comprehensive strategic
partnership of cooperation, said Hor Namhong, deputy prime minister and minister
of foreign affairs and international cooperation, on Friday.
IAEA's involvement indispensable on Korean Peninsula nuclear
issue: Amano
The Chief of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Yukiya Amano said
Friday that the nuclear watchdog has an essential role to play on the Korean
Peninsula nuclear issue.
Philippine military arrests leftist rebel despite cease-fire
The Philippine military on Friday arrested a leader of the New People's Army
(NPA) in Southern Philippines a day after the observation of the 18-day cease-
fire has already begun.
Singapore shares end higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 6.29 points or 0.2 percent on Friday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,153.96 points.
Roundup: Nikkei sheds 0.07 pct as profit taking weighs, banking
shares flourish
Tokyo stocks closed largely flat Friday, with the key Nikkei stock index
shedding 0.07 percent as signs of overheating weighed on the market along with a
strengthening yen, although foreign purchases of financial issues leant support
on the last trading day of the week.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 17
Indonesia's House of Representative on Friday urged the government to stabilize
currency and to monitor global development as it is expected to affect
development of foreign capital inflow.
Cambodia to close UN refugee center by mid-February next year
Cambodian Foreign Minister Hor Namhong said Friday the closure of the United
Nations High Commissioner for Refugees' center will be postponed to mid-
February next year.
1st LD Writethru: S. Korea's Woori Finance Holding sale process
halted on bidder's withdrawal
South Korea's public fund watchdog said Friday it will halt the process to sell
a controlling stake in Woori Finance Holdings Co. as its major bidder dropped
its bidding intent.
Roundup: Vietnam's stock market go up on investors' positive
sentiment
Vietnam 's benchmark VN-Index closed up 1.06 percent Friday against Thursday due
to the high expectation of investors for year-end rally of the market.
World Bank removes Sri Lanka from underdeveloped list
Sri Lanka is no longer an underdeveloped country after surpassing 2,000 U.S.
dollars per capita income, a World Bank official said here on Friday.
Roundup: Vietnam's gold prices slide
Vietnam's average gold prices closed at 35.85 million Vietnamese dong (1,838
U.S. dollars) a tael, equivalent to 1.2 ounce, on Friday, posting a slight
decrease of 70,000 Vietnamese dong (3.59 U.S. dollars) against the closing price
of the previous trading session.
Roundup: S. Korean shares close up on foreign, institutional
buying
Seoul shares closed up Friday thanks to strong foreign and institutional buying,
local analysts said.
Refugee detainees riot at Christmas Island of Australia: media
A riot has broken out at the Christmas Island detention center in Australia,
after Wednesday's boat crash which claimed at least 30 lives, local media
reported on Friday.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Padific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 17
The Philippine market finished Friday's session up by 0.44 percent.
Malaysian airlines to extend flight services
YANGON, Dec. 17 (Xinhua)-- The Sanbumi Airlines, based in Malaysia, will extend
its Yangon-Kuala Lumpur air route to cover Kathmandu next February to facilitate
passengers traveling in the region, the local Flower News reported Friday.
About 500 Australians farewell respected scientist Frank Fenner
About 500 people gathered in the Australia's capital of Canberra to celebrate
the life of one of Australia's most accomplished scientists.
U.S. committed to 2011 withdrawal of troops: military official
A top U.S. military official said here on Friday that his country is committed
to starting drawdown troops from post-Taliban Afghanistan.
2 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
A soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) was
killed in eastern Afghanistan, bringing the military alliance's casualties to
two on a single day Friday, the ISAF said.
Germany stands as Myanmar's largest trading partner in Europe
Bilateral trade between Myanmar and European countries amounted to 140 million
U.S. dollars in the first nine months (April-December) of the fiscal year
2010-11, with Germany standing as Myanmar's largest trading partner, the local 7
Day News reported in this week's issue published on Friday.
Japanese PM visits Okinawa amid tension over U.S. base relocation
Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan visited Okinawa Prefecture on Friday to hold
talks with its Governor Hirokazu Nakaima on relocating a controversial U.S.
marines base on the southwestern island.
Australian property overvalued by 10 percent: IMF
Australian house prices could be overvalued by up to 10 percent, but a drastic
downturn is unlikely in the foreseeable future, a report by the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) analysts said.
Thai court issues arrest warrants for 5 red-shirt leaders
Thailand's criminal court on Friday issued arrest warrants for five leaders of
anti-government "red- shirt" movement.
Sri Lanka to receive increased World Bank funding
Sri Lanka is set to receive double the current level of World Bank assistance,
the international financial institution said Friday.
Roundup: Global warming causes flash floods in Pakistan
by Jamil Bhatti
U.S. drone strikes kill 24 in Pakistan
U.S. drones launched three attacks in a Pakistani tribal region on Friday and
killed 24 people, local media reported.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 17
Sri Lanka is no longer an underdeveloped country after surpassing 2,000 U.S.
dollars per capita income, a World Bank official said here on Friday.
5.8 magnitude rocks off eastern Indonesia
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake rocked off eastern Indonesia's Maluku province at
22:22 local time (13:22 GMT) on Friday, the Meteorology, Climatology and
Geophysic Agency said here.
Roundup: 35 die in U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan's tribal region
U.S. drone aircraft launched series of strikes in a Pakistani tribal region on
Friday and killed 35 people, local TV channels reported.
Yearender: Volatile politics, economic challenges await Thai
gov't in 2011
By Sinfah Tunsarawuth
Yearender: Africa escalates anti-terrorist war
by Xiao Lingjun
Cote d'Ivoire's Soro urges nationals to continue with protests
Guillaume Soro, Cote d'Ivoire's prime minister named by Alassane Ouattara who
was declared president just as his rival Laurent Gbagbo, on Thursday called on
people to continue coming out massively to take part in the "peaceful
demonstrations" against Gbagbo.
Somali pirates fail to hijack Marshall Island-flagged tanker
Somali pirates have failed to hijack a Marshall Island-flagged tanker with 28
crew members on board, about 220 nautical miles West of Angria Bank, India, EU
Naval Force said on Friday.
AU chief in Cote d'Ivoire to cool down tensions
The African Union chief, Jean Ping, arrived here on Friday to cool down rising
tensions in Cote d'Ivoire, one day after more than 12 people were reportedly
killed in the city following the Nov. 28 presidential run-off.
1st LD: AU chief in Cote d'Ivoire to cool down tensions
The African Union chief, Jean Ping, arrived here on Friday to cool down rising
tensions in Cote d'Ivoire, one day after more than 12 people were reportedly
killed in the city following the Nov. 28 presidential run-off.
Delta Airline reports 336,000 passengers from Nigeria to U.S. in
three years
Delta Airline on Thursday said it had transported more than 336,000 passengers
from Nigeria to the U. S. since it began operations in Nigeria in December 2007.
U.S. vows to fight piracy, curb small arms supply to Africa
The U.S. government has pledged its commitment to fight piracy and the flow of
small arms and weapons to Africa.
Nigeria resolves bribery case against Cheney
Nigeria's anti-corruption police on Thursday said it had resolved the 180
million U.S. dollars Halliburton scandal involving former U.S. vice president
Dick Cheney and some Nigerians.
AU peacekeeping mission expands area of operations in Mogadishu
Somali government and the African Union peacekeeping mission in the Horn of
African nation has doubled its area of occupancy from four to eight out of
Mogadishu' s sixteen districts.
Angolan president's visit to South Africa paves way for strategic
partnership: FM
Angolan Foreign Minister George Chicoty said the just-concluded visit to South
Africa by Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos was important and opened the
way for strategic partnership between the two countries, the official Angop new
agency reported on Friday.
Nigeria's ruling party to hold presidential primaries on Jan. 13
Nigeria's Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP) has formally released its timetable
and guidelines for the 2011 general elections, slating Jan. 13 for presidential
primaries.
World Bank injects 46.7 mln USD in Zambia's fight against malaria
World Bank President Robert Zoellick on Friday signed a 46.7 million U.S.dollars
agreement here with the Zambian government to provide additional financing for
the southern African country's fight against malaria.
Roundup: Mugabe rejects Tsvangirai proposal on conduct of 2011
elections
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe on Friday rejected calls by Prime Minister
Morgan Tsvangirais MDC to have only presidential polls conducted in 2011,
saying that would be against the spirit of the interim power-sharing agreement.
Roundup: China remains leader of FDI inflows to SADC in 2009:
report
China remained the leader in terms of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) into the
Southern Africa Development Community (SADC) region during 2010, including
signature of a new 79 million U. S. dollars agreement with Angola to supply
equipment for the rehabilitation of the Benguela Railway (CFB), a report has
said.
Zimbabwe to nationalize western companies if sanctions not
lifted: Mugabe
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe said on Friday the government would consider
nationalizing British and other western companies operating in the country if
illegal sanctions slapped on Zimbabwe were not lifted.
Zimbabwe to read West Riot Act: Mugabe
President Robert Mugabe said on Friday Zimbabwe will in future expel ambassadors
and organizations interfering in the countrys internal affairs.
Russian stocks close mixed
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Friday with one key index lower and the
other higher.
Georgian parliament adopts 2011 state budget
The parliament of Georgia on Friday adopted the country's 2011 state budget
before closing its autumn session for the Christmas and New Year holidays.
Urgent: Any attempt to obstruct UN peace efforts in Cote d'Ivoire
is "unacceptable": UN chief
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said here Friday that "any attempt to obstruct
the UN peace efforts in Cote d'Ivoire is unacceptable."
1st Ld: Any attempt to obstruct UN peace efforts in Cote d'Ivoire
is "unacceptable": UN chief
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said here Friday that "any attempt to obstruct
the UN (peace) operations in Cote d'Ivoire is totally unacceptable."
Wall Street mixed in early trading
U.S. stocks mixed in early trading on Friday as U.S economy saw more
improvements, while euro zone debt concerns rose.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Any attempt to obstruct UN peace efforts in
Cote d'Ivoire is "unacceptable": UN chief
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said here Friday that "any attempt to obstruct
the UN (peace) operations in Cote d'Ivoire is totally unacceptable," and called
on incumbent President  Laurent Gbagbo to step down.
London stock market closes lower
The London stock market closed lower on Friday with the leading FTSE 100 index
down by 9.37 points, or 0.16 percent, at 5,871.75 points.
Urgent: Social-Democratic leader elected as Kyrgyzstan prime
minister
Social-Democratic leader Almazbek Atambayev elected as Kyrgyzstan prime minister
in Friday's Jogorku Kenesh.
1st LD: Atambayev elected as Kyrgyzstan's new prime minister
Kyrgyzstan's parliament, the Jogorku Kenesh, on Friday elected Social-Democratic
leader Almazbek Atambayev as the country's new prime minister.
Top U.S. officials make final push for DREAM Act
With few days left for the lame- duck session, top U.S. administration officials
were making last- ditch effort to pass a bill to help immigrant youngsters who
are illegal in the country for no fault of their own.
Urgent: Two killed in plane crash in Panama
At least two people were killed on Friday in a plane crash in west of Panama,
Panama's authorities said.
3rd Ld-Writethru: Any attempt to obstruct UN peace efforts in
Cote d'Ivoire is "unacceptable": UN chief
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said here Friday that "any attempt to obstruct
the UN (peace) operations in Cote d'Ivoire is totally unacceptable," and called
on incumbent President  Laurent Gbagbo to step down.
Urgent: More than 190 convicts break out of N. Mexico jail
More than 190 convicts escaped Friday from a jail in Nuevo Laredo, a town in
northern Mexican state Tamaulipas, Public Security Ministry officials told
Mexican newspaper El Universal.
Saving lives is priority in Haiti: UN chief
The UN's priority in disaster-hit Haiti is to save lives, UN Secretary-General
Ban Ki- moon said here on Friday.
2nd LD Writethru: Social-Democratic leader elected as Kyrgyzstan
prime minister
Social-Democratic leader Almazbek Atambayev elected as Kyrgyzstan Prime Minister
in Friday's Jogorku Kenesh.
Roundup: EU leaders seek unlikely happy end to euro's annus
horribilis
For anybody who has followed the euro's horrible year, this week's European
Union (EU) summit followed a predictable scenario.
Montenegro becomes candidate for EU membership
The European Commission's decision on Friday to extend European Union candidate
status to Montenegro was greeted with enthusiasm by officials in Podgorica,
reported Radio Television Montenegro (RTCG).
Key to arrest of Mladic is in Serbia: UN court official
Serge Brammertz, chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunal for the
former Yugoslavia ( ICTY) in The Hague, said Friday that the key to the arrest
of war crimes fugitive Ratko Mladic remains within the grasp of Serbian
officials.
UN chief looks back at "big year" for world body in 2010
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon told reporters here Friday that the past year
has brought many challenges and accomplishments for the UN and that the
international organization has hard work ahead of it in 2011.
Europa League draw list
Following is the draw Friday for the rounds of 32 and 16 in the Europa
League(Home teams listed first):
1st LD: Two killed in plane crash in Panama
At least two people died on Friday when an aircraft crashed in Western Panama,
according to preliminary reports from the Civil Aeronautics Authority (AAC).
The Robber leads first Austrian film award nominations
The Academy of Austrian Films announced on Friday nominations for the first
Austrian film award, with a movie about a bank-robber leading the competition.
U.S. military to observe South Korean war drills
The U.S. Defense Department on Friday said U.S. trainers and observers will be
present for South Korean live-fire artillery drills planned to start Saturday.
Roundup: Over half of Canadians trust pets more than people,
survey says
by Christine McLaren
EU launches project to consolidate Albanian judiciary to restore
people's trust
The European Union has launched a project to consolidate the Albanian justice
system in an effort to restore the people's confidence in the judiciary and help
Albania move closer to the European Union.
Urgent: Gold bounces off on bargain hunting
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange regained
some ground on Friday. The prices was caught between stronger U.S. dollar and a
burst of bargain hunting, as the recent dips prompted physical buyers to
increase purchases of the metal.
U.S. threatens to impose sanctions on Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo
U.S. State Department said on Friday that the United States is prepared to
impose "targeted sanctions" on Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent
Gbagbo and his supporters, if he refuses to step down.
Urgent: Oil rose above 88 USD as euro zone debt concerns limit
gains
Crude prices gained modestly above 88 U.S. dollars a barrel as Ireland's credit
ratings downgrade annoyed investors. Light, sweet crude for January delivery
rose 32 cents to 88.02 U.S. dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile.
Palestinians have "inalienable right for their independence,"
says UN chief
"Palestinians have the inalienable right for their independence" and
establishing an independence day "should be discussed as we see peace and
negotiations evolve," UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said here Friday.
1st LD: 148 convicts escape from jail in N. Mexico
A total of 148 convicts have escaped from a jail in Nuevo Laredo, a border town
in northern Mexican state Tamaulipas, a public security department official told
Xinhua by telephone on Friday.
South African soccer league results
Following are the South African Premiership results on Friday:
U.S. defends South Korea's planned drills
South Korea has a right to exercise its military as it sees fit and the
exercises do not pose a threat to Pyongyang, U.S. State Department spokesman
Philip Crowley said on Friday.
Urgent: Russian manned spaceship docks with ISS
A Russian Soyuz spaceship with three astronauts on board has docked with the
International Space Station (ISS) Friday night, the Mission Control center said.
Roy sidelined three games for sore knee
Portland Trail Blazers shooting guard Brandon Roy will miss the next three games
for a sore left knee, Blazers coach Nate McMillan said on Friday.
U.S. House passes defense bill for fiscal year 2011
U.S. House of Representatives on Friday passed the defense authorization bill
for fiscal year 2011 after stripping several controversial items.
1st LD Writethru: Russian manned spaceship docks with ISS
A Russian Soyuz spaceship with three astronauts on board has docked with the
International Space Station (ISS) successfully Friday night, the Mission Control
center said.
Lead shared in South African Open golf
South African golfer Retief Goosen and German Alex Cejka shared the lead on
eight-under-par 64 after the first round of the 100th South African Open
Championship at Durban Country Club on Friday.
Man sentenced to 384 years for shooting spree in New York
The gunman behind a deadly shooting rampage was sentenced to 384 years in prison
in New York, The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday.
Crude prices rise as positive U.S. data offset euro zone debt
concerns
Crude prices rose on Friday as the biggest oil consumption country's more
recovery signs offset European debt concerns.
Gold bounces off on bargain hunting
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange regained
some ground on Friday.
U.S. leading economic indicators rise 1.1 percent in November
U.S. economy in the near future is expected to rise at modest pace, according to
an influential industry survey released on Friday.
Former ETA No. 1 sentenced to 20 years in Paris
The alleged political leader of the Spanish Basque terrorist group ETA, Mikel
Albizu Iriarte, was sentenced to 20 years in prison by the Paris Courts of
Assize on Friday.
U.S. helps Palestinians in IT sector
The United States moved on Friday to help enhance Palestine's economic capacity
in the information communications technology (ICT) sector with a view to
encouraging broader economic growth, development and job creation for the
Palestinians.
Austria's economy to enjoy stable growth in near future: report
The Austrian economy is expected to enjoy a stable growth in the near future,
driven by strong export and recovery of the world economy, according to a report
issued Friday by Vienna's Institute for Economic Research (WIFO).
Urgent: U.S. stocks end mixed as positive data offset debt
concerns
U.S. stocks closed mixed on Friday as more improvements in the U.S economy
helped lessen euro zone debt concerns.
U.S. backing for indigenous rights treaty hailed at UN
The announcement by U.S. President Barack Obama that the United States supports
the landmark United Nations treaty outlining the rights of the world's estimated
370 million indigenous peoples was hailed on Friday at the world body.
34 prisoners escape in riot in Venezuela
At least 34 prisoners escaped from jail in the Barcelona Justice Palace of
Anzoategui state, Venezuela during a riot, local press released on Friday.
Interview: Strong legal framework, int'l collaboration key in
reclaiming antiquities: Greek expert
A strong legal framework and international collaboration are the main keys in
efforts to reclaim antiquities with success, for Greece or China, stressed Greek
expert Maria Andreadaki-Vlazaki in an interview with Xinhua here on Friday.
Urgent: Obama signs tax cut bill into law
U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday signed the tax cut bill into law, the
first major legislation that has enjoyed bipartisan support since he took
office.
1st LD-Writethru: U.S. stocks end mixed as positive data offset
debt concerns
U.S. stocks wavered and closed mixed on Friday as the market turned
directionless in the midst of more improvements in the U.S. economy and euro
zone debt concerns.
U.S. Democratic leader urges Senate to vote on nuclear treaty
U.S. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid on Friday urged the Senate to vote on
the new START treaty before the year-end when this year's congressional session
ends.
Guinea's election puts the country "amongst our best hopes," UN
envoy says
Said Djinnit, the special representative of the UN secretary-general for West
Africa, on Friday told the UN Security Council that the people and leaders of
Guinea should be commended for holding a successful presidential election.
1st LD: Obama signs tax cut bill into law
U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday signed the tax cut bill into law, the
first major legislation that has enjoyed bipartisan support since he took
office.
News Analysis: Italy's Berlusconi faces continued antagonism in
wake of confidence vote
by Eric J. Lyman
Milan happy to meet Spurs, says Allegri
AC Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri said on Friday that he was happy that his
team will meet Tottenham Hotspur in the last 16 of Champions League.
Totti: easy draw for Roma at Champions League
Roma got an easy draw in the last 16 of Champions League as they will meet the
team they wanted, Shakhtar Donetsk, Francesco Totti said on Friday.
Moratti warns Inter against Bayern Munich's revenge at Champions
League
Inter president Massimo Moratti on Friday warned his team Bayern Munich would be
burning with rage and ready to avenge their loss in last year's Champions League
final when the two clubs meet again in the last 16 of this season' s
competition.
Centuries put South African cricketers ahead at Test
South African batsmen Hashim Amla and Jacques Kallis each scored not-out
centuries on the second day of the first Test against India at Centurion, near
Pretoria, on Friday.
German Bundesliga results
Following is the German Bundesliga result on Friday:
Google refuses U.S. state's request for data
Google has told attorney general in the U.S. state of Connecticut that it will
not comply with his demand to view data collected through the company's Street
View cars, U.S. media reported on Friday.
2nd LD Writethru: Obama signs tax cut bill into law
U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday signed the tax cut bill into law, the
first major legislation that has enjoyed bipartisan support since he took
office.
More travelers to be on the move during Christmas-New Year
period: report
About 7.2 million Southern California residents are projected to travel during
the end-of- year holidays, a three percent increase from the same period of last
year, the Automobile Club of Southern California said on Friday.
Two injured in car bomb attack at N. Mexico police station
Two people were injured on Friday afternoon when a car bomb exploded in General
Zuazua, a town in northern Mexico state Nuevo Leon, official sources said.
British finance body brings bankers' bonuses rules in line with
EU
Britain's financial regulator, the Financial Services Authority (FSA), on Friday
issued rules to bring regulation of bankers' bonuses in line with European Union
rules.
Chicago corn extends gains on supply concerns
Chicago corn futures hit a 5-week high on Friday, lifted by strong demand for
ethanol and increasing concerns over tight supply. Both wheat and soybean also
advanced.
UN lauds "rich contribution" of developing nations to world
progress
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Friday lauded "the rich contribution of
developing countries" the world progress, saying that "South-South cooperation
is a vital component of the world's response."
Feature: Snow in Rome covers beaches, freezes historical
fountains amid general wonder
by Silvia Marchetti
Dollar extends gains on Irish debt downgrade
The U.S. dollar rose against most major currencies in late New York trading on
Friday as the euro was struck by the downgrade of Ireland's credit rating.
Roundup: Canadian stocks close higher
Canadian stocks rose on Friday with the S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index up 20.23
points, or 0.15 percent, at 13,201.46.
GM recalls nearly 100,000 crossovers over safety belt problem
General Motors Co. is recalling 97, 843 crossover vehicles to fix seat belts
that could fail in a crash, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
said Friday.
Vancouver Winter Olympics organizers say Games broke even
Organizers of the Vancouver Winter Olympics held earlier this year in Canada,
reported Friday it broke even in its staging of the February Games and March
Paralympics.
Terminal evacuated after suspicious package found at Texas
airport
Portions of a terminal at an airport in the U.S. state of Texas were evacuated
Friday after a suspicious package was found, an airport spokesman said.
Interview: New UN resolution helps end impunity of sexual
violence in conflict: special envoy
The newly-adopted Security Council resolution on listing and sanctioning the
perpetrators of sexual violence in conflict will help ensure the crime no longer
goes unpunished, UN special envoy Margot Wallstrom said in an interview with
Xinhua.
Roundup: Blizzard paralyzes German traffic
The Blizzard "Petra" hammered most of Germany from Thursday night to Friday,
causing at least three people dead, dozens injured, as the whole traffic system
sank into chaos.
Corinthians release three players to Bahia
The Corinthians soccer team decided on Friday to release two additional players
to the Bahia.
Burga reelected head of the Peruvian Football Federation
With 25 out of 35 votes, Manuel Burga on Friday was elected president of the
Peruvian Football Federation (PFP), for the second consecutive period.
Brazil's women basketball coach Colinas fired
The Brazilian Confederation of Basketball (CBB) decided on Friday to release the
head coach of the women's national team, Carlos Colinas.
Brazil's Atletico-MG signs Richarlyson
President of the Atletico- MG soccer team Alexandre Kalil from Brazil announced
the signing of midfielder Richarlyson on Friday.
(Corrected) Vancouver Winter Olympics organizers say Games broke
even
Organizers of the Vancouver Winter Olympics held earlier this year in Canada,
reported Friday it broke even in its staging of the February Games and March
Paralympics.
U.S. rig count down by 14 to 1,709
Oil and natural gas rigs operating in the United States fell from a 23-month
high, from 1723 to 1709, this week, according to a weekly rig count released
Friday by Houston-based oil service company Baker Hughes Inc.
UN Security Council backs improved cooperation of Iraq, Kuwait
The UN Security Council on Friday expressed its commitment to the new Iraqi
government and improved relationships with bordering Kuwait, U.S. Ambassador
Rosemary A. DiCarlo, whose country holds the Council's rotating presidency this
month, told reporters here.
Brazilian president denies desire for U.N.'s top post
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Friday denied any desire to become
United Nations secretary-general.
Yearender: Russia-NATO ties improve in 2010, but lack substance
by Hai Yang, Igor Serebryany
Yearender: Russia, U.S. dance closer in 2010, but cautiously
by Zhang Dailei, Igor Serebryany
1st LD Writethru: Chinese, Pakistani PMs agree on multifold
efforts to cement partnership
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani
reached extensive consensus here Friday on further strengthening their
countries' strategic cooperative partnership.
Xinhua world news summary at 0000 GMT, Dec. 18
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani
reached extensive consensus here Friday on further strengthening their
countries' strategic cooperative partnership.
2nd LD: 141 escape in Mexican jailbreak, warden likely involved
About 141 prisoners escaped from a jail in Nuevo Laredo, a town in northern
Mexican state of Tamaulipas, probably with the help of the chief warden,
officials said on Friday.
Stocks close higher in L. America
Latin America's three major bourses all closed higher Friday.
Cuban lawmakers continue debate on economic reforms
The debate on socioeconomic reform plans proposed by Cuban leader Raul Castro
continued for the third day Friday at the Cuban legislature.
El Salvador, OAS to jointly fight gun smuggling
El Salvador and the Organization of American States (OAS) have signed an
agreement to jointly crack down upon gun smuggling, local press reported on
Friday.
"Larry King Day" declared in Los Angeles
The city of Los Angeles has declared Friday "Larry King Day" to pay tributes to
the famed CNN talk show host who has ended his run overnight after questioning a
stellar host of guests for 25 years.
Russia launches world's 1st nuclear fuel bank of low enriched
uranium
The world's first nuclear fuel bank of low enriched uranium (LEU) was officially
launched in Russia on Friday, which aspiring nations could use for nuclear
reactors instead of making it themselves.
Roundup: Wen starts official visit to Pakistan after India trip
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao started an official visit to Pakistan midday Friday
after wrapping up his three-day trip to India.
Brazilians want change: President-elect Rousseff
Brazilian President-elect Dilma Rousseff said here Friday that her election
victory shows Brazilians want change.
Pan American Health Organization hails Cuban humanitarian aid to
Haiti
The representative of the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO) and the World
Health Organization (WHO) in Haiti on Friday hailed the humanitarian work of the
Cuban Medical Brigade in cholera-affected Port-au- Prince.
Paraguay, Uruguay stress regional integration at Mercosur summit
Both Paraguay and Uruguay stressed the importance of the Common Market of the
South (Mercosur) in the regional integration process at the bloc's summit on
Friday.
Highlights of Chinese premier's activities in New Delhi,
Islamabad
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao wrapped up his three-day official visit to Indian on
Friday morning and then travelled to Pakistan to continue his two-nation tour.
Quotable quotes from visiting Chinese premier in India, Pakistan
The following are some quotable quotes made by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao in
India Friday morning and in Pakistan, where he arrived later that day for a
three-day visit.
New shipment of Mexican aid arrives in flood-hit Venezuela
The second shipment of humanitarian aid from the Mexican government has arrived
in flood-stricken Venezuela, the government said on Friday.
Canada to celebrate Year of Rabbit with new stamps
Canada Post will issue two stamps on Jan. 7, 2011, in celebration of the
upcoming Chinese Lunar Year of the Rabbit, the company announced on Friday.
Chile, Bolivia to create joint panel for better ties
Chile and Bolivia agreed on Friday to create a special commission to better
their ties and solve thorny issues, including Bolivia's historic demand for a
sea outlet.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0500 GMT, Dec. 17
President of the European Council Herman Van Rompuy said on Thursday he saw no
need to increase the existing rescue fund at the moment but did not rule out the
possibility of doing so in the future.
Interview: German economist says U.S. economy won't recover fully
until 2015
by Zheng Qihang
Highlights of Chinese premier's second-day activities in New
Delhi
The following are highlights of Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao's activities in India
Thursday, the second day of his three-day official visit to the country.
Quotable quotes from visiting Chinese premier in India
The following are some quotable quotes made by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao during
his stay here Thursday, the second day of his three-day official visit to India.
Roundup: Chinese premier seeks strengthened exchanges with India
during visit
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao stressed common development and sought strengthened
cooperation and exchanges with India when he met Indian leaders and addressed
the Indian Council of World Affairs on Thursday.
Brazilian president lauds advances of Mercosur
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva hailed on Thursday the advances
achieved by the Mercosur trading bloc in the past years.
Brazil's FM says Mercosur talks "satisfactory"
Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim said here Thursday that many agreements
were reached earlier in the day at the Mercosur Council meeting after
"satisfactory" discussions between participants.
Brazil, Bolivia to step up cooperation in justice, security
Brazil and Bolivia agreed here Thursday to enhance cooperation in justice and
security.
Petrobras: new well confirms light oil potential
Brazil's state-owned oil and gas giant Petrobras said Thursday the drilling of a
well in the Santos Basin off the country's southeastern coast confirmed the
light oil potential of the pre-salt reservoirs.
Mercosur launches action plan for Citizenship Statute
Mercosur's Common Market Council Thursday approved an action plan for a
Citizenship Statute.
Bus accident kills 15 in Peru
At least 15 people were killed and 20 injured after a bus swerved off the road
and plunged into a ravine in central Peru Thursday, local authorities said.
Interview: Chinese ambassador to Denmark says China seeks global
security
by Yang Jingzhong, Devapriyo Das
EU donates some 9 mln USD to Dominican education sector
The European Union (EU) donated 6.8 million euros (8.9 million U.S. dollars)
here Thursday to the Dominican Republic to improve access to basic education in
the country.
Bolivia cautious about increasing water levels of 7 rivers
Heavy rains over the past days swelled at least seven large rivers in Bolivia to
dangerous water levels, threatening thousands of people living nearby, Senamhi,
the national meteorological and hydrology service, said on Thursday.
U.S. House passes tax-cut bill
The United States House of Representatives approved Thursday a far-reaching tax
bill that extends Bush-era tax cuts for two more years, a compromise struck by
President Barack Obama and Congressional Republicans.
Brazilian President Lula to leave office with 87 pct approval
rate: survey
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva will leave office on Dec. 31 with
an approval rate of 87 percent,  according to a survey released here on
Thursday.
Backgrounder: Major events in development of China-Pakistan ties
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao will start an official visit to Pakistan Friday to
strengthen bilateral ties.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 17
U.S. drone aircraft fired missiles into Pakistan's Khyber tribal region on
Friday and killed at least 21 people, including two commanders of a militant
group, local TV channels reported.
California greenlights cap-and-trade emission rules
California's regulators Thursday voted in favor of the first cap-and-trade rules
in the United States to tame greenhouse gas emissions.
Urgent: DPRK military urges S. Korea to immediately stop shelling
exercise: KCNA
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) military on Friday urged South
Korea to immediately stop its shelling exercise on Yonphyong Islet, the official
news agency KCNA reported.
Urgent: Ata Zhurt leader Keldibekov elected as Kyrgyzstan
parliament speaker
Ata Zhurt leader Akhmatbek Keldibekov was elected as speaker of Kyrgyzstan
parliament on a Friday meeting here.
Urgent: Chinese premier arrives in Pakistan for official visit
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrived in Islamabad Friday noon on an official visit
to China's "all- weather cooperation partner."
London stock market flat in early trade
London stock market opened slightly higher on Friday, with the leading FTSE 100
index up 2.77 points at 5,883.89 points in early trade.
1st LD: Chinese premier arrives in Pakistan for official visit
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrived in Islamabad Friday noon on an official visit
to China's "all- weather cooperation partner."
Volcano erupts in Russian Far East, massive eruption feared
A volcano in the Russian Far East peninsula erupted several days ago, prompting
experts to raise the hazard level caused by the possible massive eruption.
2nd LD: Chinese premier kicks off official visit to Pakistan
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao started an official visit to Pakistan Friday noon, in
a bid to further push forward bilateral pragmatic cooperation and lift economic
and trade cooperation to a new high.
1st LD: DPRK military urges S. Korea to immediately stop shelling
exercise plan:  KCNA
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) military Friday urged South
Korea to immediately stop its shelling exercise plan around Yonphyong Islet, the
official news agency KCNA reported.
1st LD Writethru: Ata Zhurt leader Keldibekov elected as
Kyrgyzstan parliament speaker
Ata Zhurt leader Akhmatbek Keldibekov was elected as speaker of Kyrgyzstan
parliament on a Friday meeting here.
2nd LD: DPRK military urges South Korea to cancel shelling
exercise plan
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) military on Friday urged South
Korea to immediately stop its plans for a shelling exercise around Yonphyong
Island, the official news agency KCNA reported.
DPRK denounces U.S., Japan, South Korea's military alliance, war
moves
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Friday denounced the United
States, Japan and South Korea for stepping up moves to strengthen their military
alliance and ignite a war against the DPRK, the official news agency KCNA
reported.
Public administration makes up 57.7 percent of Spanish debt
Information published Friday by the Bank of Spain shows that the debts of the
Spanish Public Administration increased by 16.26 percent in the last 12 months.
Yearender: U.S. auto sector under resilient recovery, yet risks
lie ahead
by Zhu Zhu, Zhang Baoping and Li Mi
Non-payment of debts rises in Spain
The non-payment of credit to banks in Spain has risen to its highest level in 14
years, according to figures published Friday.
London stock market down slightly by midday
The London stock market fell slightly by midday on Friday with the leading FTSE
100 index down 14.77 points at 5,866.35 points at noon.
Total offers 281 million U.S. dollars to Santos for LNG stake
boost
French oil giant firm Total has offered 281.25 million U.S. dollars to the
Australian petroleum group Santos to acquire an additional 7.5 percent stake in
a liquefied natural gas production project, Total said Friday.
Urgent: Plenary meeting of 40th Mercosur Summit starts in Brazil
The Plenary Meeting of the 40th Mercosur Summit started on Friday morning in Foz
do Iguacu, southern Brazil.
Chinese premier urges closer cultural, youth links with India
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Friday stressed the importance of cultural and
youth exchanges in boosting the China-India strategic cooperative partnership.
Chinese premier hails India's opposition party's efforts in
bilateral ties
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Friday praised the important contributions made by
the Indian opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to promoting relationship
between China and India.
Sanofi-Aventis, Merck to jointly bolster cancer researches
Sanofis-Aventis, France's largest pharmaceutical producer, announced Friday a
partnership agreement with the German firm Merck that aims to energize common
efforts to treat cancer.
Ukraine, Hungary presidents agree to deepen bilateral ties
Ukraine expects that Hungary's presidency in the European Union would promote
Ukraine's European integration, President Viktor Yanukovych said Friday.
French business climate improved in December
France's main economic sectors slightly improved in December on the strength of
increased demand and activity, the national statistics bureau Insee said Friday.
Russia urges Seoul to skip military drills in Yellow Sea
The Russian Foreign Ministry on Friday urged South Korea to skip planned
military drills in the Yellow Sea, the ministry said in a statement.
German business confidence rises to new high
German business confidence rose to a new high in December, reaching the highest
level since reunification, the Ifo Institute reported Friday.
Brazilian FM makes balance of Brazil's Mercosur presidency
Foreign Minister Celso Amorim on Friday made a balanced comment on his country's
Mercosur (Common Market of the South) presidency.
Police chief says crime up in January-November period in Armenia
Armenia has registered an 8.8-percent increase in crime in the January-November
period of this year, a senior law enforcement officer said Friday.
Dutch prime minister says Afghanistan mission unlikely
Attempts to garner more support within the Dutch government for a new police
training mission to Afghanistan have failed, Prime Minister Mark Rutte said
Friday.
Armenia's natural gas importer names new chairman
The former deputy chairman of ArmRusGazprom CJSC on Friday became chairman of
the natural gas importing and processing company.
China, Pakistani PMs hold talks to cement strategic cooperative
partnership
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani held
talks here Friday to deepen their countries' bilateral strategic cooperative
partnership and cooperation in various fields.
Montenegro granted European Union candidate status
European Union leaders decided on Friday to grant Montenegro candidate status,
opening the door for the Western Balkan country to join the 27-nation bloc.
EU leaders say economic fundamentals sound
European Union (EU) leaders said at a summit Friday that the fundamentals of
their economy remained sound despite the adverse impact of a sovereign debt
crisis.
Brazil's Lula hails Mercosur achievements
In his last meeting as the pro-tempore president of Mercosur (Common Market of
the South), Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva hailed the bloc's
advances.
Russian military to participate in NATO drills next year
The Russian Navy plans to participate in a number of joint drills with NATO
countries as well as with the Ukrainian Navy, Black Sea Fleet Commander Vice
Admiral Vladimir Korolyov said Friday.
EU moves in "right direction" with strategic partners
The European Union is moving in the right direction in negotiations with
strategic partners, European Council President Herman Van Rompuy said Friday.
Eurozone construction output stable in October
Construction output in the euro zone was stable in October, compared with the
previous month, the European Union (EU)'s statistics bureau Eurostat said
Friday.
Spanish leader doubtful of permanent ETA ceasefire
Interior Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba on Friday
dismissed words of a possible permanent ceasefire from the Basque separatist
group ETA as "rumors."
OECD terminates shipbuilding agreement negotiations
The Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
announced Friday the termination of negotiations on a shipbuilding agreement due
to unsolved disputes over pricing among participants.
Russians pick words of the year 2010
The Russian language has enriched itself with a bulk of new words and
expressions coined in 2010, according to Imhonet, the most visited Russian
language website.
Dust from North African deserts covers Cyprus
NICOSIA, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) - Dust from the north African deserts covered the
Mediterranean island state of Cyprus on Friday, leading authorities to instruct
people to take protective measures.
Bank of England says resilience among British banks has improved
The Bank of England, Britain's central bank, said Friday that contagion of the
debt crisis to the largest European banking systems has been limited and that
resilience among British banks has improved over the past year.
Weather snarls travel in The Netherlands
Heavy snow fall and cold temperatures resulted in "complete chaos" on Dutch
roads Friday, officials said.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 17
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani held
talks here Friday to deepen their countries' bilateral strategic cooperative
partnership and cooperation in various fields.
Commentary: Yuan, ruble break the ice with direct trading
The Chinese yuan has made an ice- breaking step for its trading outside China
after Russia recently started direct trading of the Chinese currency with the
ruble.
Cyprus, Israel delineate exclusive economic zones
NICOSIA, Dec. 17 (Xinhua)-- Cyprus and Israel signed a bilateral agreement on
Friday delineating their respective exclusive economic maritime zones in the
eastern Mediterranean.
Paraguay replaces Brazil to chair Mercosur
Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo on Friday received the pro-tempore presidency
of Mercosur (Common Market of the South) from his Brazilian counterpart Luiz
Inacio Lula da Silva.
Dutch DSM to collabate with Sinochem Group
The Dutch DSM announced Friday that it will collabate with the Chinese state
company Sinochem Group for the production of antibiotics.
S. Korean rookie Lee takes early lead at China Ladies Open
Rookie Lee Jung-min shot a bogey-free round of six-under 66 Friday to take the
first- round lead at the 250,000-U.S.-dollar China Ladies Open, as the South
Koreans served early notice they have little intention of giving up a title they
have owned for the past four years.
Hamburg beat Moenchengladbach 2-1 in Bundesliga
Piotr Trochowski scored the winner from a free-kick to help Hamburg beat last-
place Borussia Moenchengladbach 2-1 in German first division soccer league on
Friday.
AC Milan want to sign Cassno, says Galliani
AC Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani confirmed on Friday that his club have
started talks with Sampdoria over a deal to sign striker Antonio Cassano in the
January transfer window.
Forlan, Murer win Latin American sports awards
Uruguayan soccer player Diego Forlan, Brazilian pole vaulter Fabiana Murer and
the Brazilian men's volleyball team won major Latin American sports awards of
the year, the Cuban Agency Prensa Latina (PL) reported on Friday.
Rome schools to support city's 2020 Olympic bid
Rome's mayor Gianni Alemanno and Italian Education Minister Maria Stella Gelmini
launched "Schools for Rome 2020" on Friday, a project aimed at involving local
students in supporting the capital's bid for the 2020 Olympics Games.
Johnson puts Australia in charge on 2nd day of third Ashes Test
Mitchell Johnson on Friday rescued Australia back into the third Ashes Test
against England on an exhilarating second day at the third Ashes Test in Perth
of Australia.
Flamengo signs goalkeeper Felipe from Braga
Flamengo signed keeper Luis Felipe from Portuguese side Braga on a one-year
contract, the Brazilian club confirmed on Friday.
Rockets lose Yao to ankle injury for rest of season
Houston Rockets center Yao Ming will miss the rest of the season due to the
stress fracture in his left ankle, the Rockets confirmed on Friday.
India to host enlarged Champions Trophy
South Korea and Pakistan were on Friday given wildcard entries for field
hockey's Champions Trophy in India next year that will feature eight teams
instead of six.
APC President impressed by China's commitment to Para sports
Dato' Zainal Abu Zarin, President of the Asian Paralympic Committee (APC), said
on Friday that he was impressed by China's commitment to promote the Paralympic
Movement.
WIBO sanctions Zambian boxer's fight
The Women International Boxing Organization (WIBO) has sanctioned Zambia's
female boxer Esther Phiri's fight with Colombia's Lely Luz Florez, set for
January 29, the Post of Zambia reported on Friday.
Sevilla lose Perotti for three weeks
Sevilla Football Club will be without the service of Argentinean international
winger Diego Perotti for the next three weeks.
Reports: Real Madrid to visit China in 2011
Spanish sports paper Diario AS reports this Friday that Real Madrid will play a
pre-season friendly in China in the summer of 2011.
Kaka aims to hand Real Madrid a New Year boost
Real Madrid midfielder Kaka says he hopes to return to fitness to give his side
a much needed boost in the New Year.
Barcelona derby highlight of Spain's matchday 16
The Barcelona derby between Espanyol and FC Barcelona is the highlight of
matchday 17 of the Spanish BBVA Primera Liga.
Draw of UEFA Champions League last 16
Following are the draw for the UEFA Champions League last 16 knock-out stage
made in Nyon, Switzerland on Friday:
FIS freestyle ski World Cup kicks off Jilin stage
The 2010-2011 FIS freestyle ski World Cup kicked off its Jilin stage with
Chinese young athletes winning two gold medals here on Friday.
Tunisian Olympic swimmer wins silver in short course worlds
Tunisian Olympic champion Oussama Mellouli won the silver medal in the 400m
medley at the Short Course FINA World Championships in Dubai on Thursday.
Barcelona coach Guardiola doesn't expect lengthy Barca stay
FC Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola said this Friday that he didn't expect to
continue as coach of the club into the distant future.
Fujian battle down Jilin for first win in CBA league
Fujian SBS clinched Friday their first victory of the new season as they beat
Jilin Northeast Tigers 112-110 in overtime in a third-round match of the Chinese
Basketball Association league (CBA).
Yanukovych, Rogge discuss Ukraine's bid for 2022 Winter Olympics
President of International Olympic Committee Jacques Rogge met with Ukraine's
President Viktor Yanukovych on Friday to discuss the country's bid for 2022
winter Olympics.
China Economic News in Brief: shoes chain, SOE revenue, Taiwan
banks, Guangzhou foreign  trade
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
Macao SAR government attaches importance to people's livelihood:
CE
The government of Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) attached great
important to issues concerning local resident's livelihood, and will gradually
adopt and implement relevant measures to help local people weather the current
economic environment, said Chui Sai On, the SAR's chief executive, on Friday.
Hong Kong set to upgrade tourism board's office in Taipei
The Hong Kong Tourism Board's office in Taipei will be upgraded to a fully-
fledged representational office, with an enhanced role to promote tourism
between the two regions, Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government Rita Lau said on Friday.
Hong Kong airport vows to cut 25 pct carbon intensity by 2015
The Hong Kong Airport Authority and nearly 40 airport business partners on
Friday pledged to reduce Hong Kong International Airport's carbon emissions by
25 percent per workload unit by 2015, the airport authority said in a statement.
Xinhua Insight: China's consumption of high-end products booms
While Western consumers were tightening their belts this year as their economies
remained mired in a sluggish recovery, the Chinese public' s appetite for high-
end products soared, which presented huge growth opportunities for top global
brands.
China Economic News in Brief: Chongqing economic growth, Shanghai
CBD, Shanghai GM
The following are some China economic
China archaeological news in brief: Qing Dynasty coins
discovered;Buddhism statues  unearthed;Tomb &amp; porcelain found
The following are Chinese archaeological news items in brief:
China urges peaceful resolvement of tensions in Korean Peninsula
China again strongly urges all parties concerned to responsibly start
negotiations and solve the problems in Korean Peninsula through peaceful means,
Foreign Ministry spokesperson Jiang Yu said Saturday.
1st Ld-Writethru: China calls for peaceful resolvement of
tensions in Korean Peninsula
China again strongly urges all parties concerned to responsibly start
negotiations and solve the problems in the Korean Peninsula through peaceful
means, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Jiang Yu said Saturday.
Urgent: China launches seventh orbiter for indigenous global
satellite navigation  system
China successfully launched an orbiter into space from the Xichang Satellite
Launch Center in southwestern Sichuan Province at 4:20 a.m. Beijing Time
Saturday.
1st Ld-Writethru: China launches seventh orbiter for indigenous
global satellite  navigation system
China successfully launched an orbiter into space from the Xichang Satellite
Launch Center in southwestern Sichuan Province at 4:20 a.m. Beijing Time
Saturday.
James Steinberg concludes China visit
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State James Steinberg concluded his China visit on
Friday morning, in which he held "useful" talks with senior Chinese officials.
Urgent: At least six killed in firecracker blast in central China
At least six people had been killed and four injured in a strong firecracker
blast in central China's Hunan Province Friday night.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.27 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved down 61.53 points, or 0.27 percent, to close Friday's
morning session at 22,607.25 points.
1st Ld-Writethru: At least six killed in firecracker blast in
central China
At least six people had been confirmed dead and four injured in a strong
firecracker blast near residential areas in central China's Hunan Province
Friday night.
1st Ld-Writethru: Two sailors rescued, 25 still missing after
vessel sinks in South  China sea
Two Vietnamese sailors were rescued Friday, more than 20 hours after their
vessel sank in the South China Sea, but 25 others are still missing.
Eight killed in firecracker blast in central China
Eight people, instead of previously reported six, were killed in a firecracker
blast in central China's Hunan Province, local officials confirmed early
Saturday.
China Focus: Cross-Strait exchanges play key role in Taiwan's
economic growth
by Xinhua writer Li Huizi
Datang Renewable debuts 1 pct below IPO price
China Datang Corporation Renewable Power, China's second biggest wind farm
operator, officially listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange on Friday, with
share price opening at 2.3 HK dollars, down 1.29 percent from its IPO price.
Chemical tank catches fire in east China
A 10,000-cubic-meter propylene tank caught fire Saturday morning in east China's
Zhejiang Province.
Hong Kong chief executive to pay duty visit to Beijing
Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang will pay a four-day duty visit to Beijing
starting Monday, the city's government said Friday in a statement.
URGENT: China lashes Japanese attempt to mark its seizure of
Diaoyu Islands
China lashed a Japanese city's move to commemorate Japan's stealthy occupation
of the Diaoyu Islands more than a century ago, saying any scheme to infringe
upon its territorial sovereignty is nothing but fruitless labor.
China Economic News in Brief: Beijing housing sales;Chery Auto's
sales;Qinghai investment;Jiangsu  wool imports; Hunan trade
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
China warns of school corruption ahead of major festivals
China's Ministry of Education has warned schools and teachers  not to take bribe
and misuse public money ahead of the coming New Year and Spring Festival.
China subject to 56 trade remedy investigations in first 11
months
China was the subject of 56 trade remedy investigations launched by 19 countries
and regions in the first 11 months, figures from the Ministry of Commerce (MOC)
showed Friday.
1st LD: China lashes Japanese attempt to mark seizure of Diaoyu
Islands
China lashed a Japanese city's move to commemorate Japan's "stealthy" occupation
of the Diaoyu Islands more than a century ago, saying any scheme to infringe
upon its territorial sovereignty is nothing but fruitless labor.
China's stocks close lower Friday
Chinese shares fell Friday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index closing
down 0.15 percent, or 4.40 points, to end at 2,893.74 points.
Chemical tank flames put out in east China
Firefighters have put out the flames of a 10,000-cubic-meter propylene tank in
east China's Zhejiang Province, local officials said Saturday morning.
China Exclusive: Olympic panda dies of illness at east China zoo
A 4-year-old giant panda died of epilepsy Thursday at a zoo in Nanjing, east
China's Jiangsu Province, zoo officials confirmed Friday.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 17
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,893.74 Friday, down 4.40 points, or 0.15 percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices down -- Dec. 17
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower Friday
to end at 12,759.60 points, down 36.08 points, or 0.28 percent.
1st LD: China subject to 56 trade remedy investigations in first
11 months
China was the subject of 56 trade remedy investigations launched by 19 countries
and regions in the first 11 months, figures from the Ministry of Commerce (MOC)
showed Friday.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec.17
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,225.66 points Friday, down 5.00 points, or 0.15
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 17
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, rose
7.95 points, or 0.65 percent, to close at 1,232.98 on Friday.
China stock index futures close mixed -- Dec. 17
China's stock index futures closed mixed Friday with the contract for December,
the most actively traded, down 0.52 percent from the previous trading day to end
at 3,221.2 points.
China delivers first upgraded homegrown short haul passenger
aircraft
XI'AN, Dec.17 (Xinhua)-- China's first new-generation homegrown short haul
passenger aircraft, Xinzhou-600, was delivered Friday to China Civil Aviation
College in Guanghan City of southwest China's Sichuan Province.
China Exclusive: Communication failure fans panic over food
scares: experts
by Xinhua writer Rong Yan
Power firm says radiation at normal level during maintenance
The level of radiation to which workers at south China's Daya Bay nuclear plant
were exposed was well within safe limits, nuclear power company said Friday.
China's securities watchdog vows to continue insider trading
crackdown
China's securities regulator Friday pledged to continue to strengthen measures
to prevent insider trading and market manipulation in order to protect investor
interests.
1st Ld-Writethru: China's stocks close lower Friday
Chinese shares fell Friday driven down by financial stocks over rate rise
concerns.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.40 pct -- Dec. 17
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Friday with the weighted index up 35.70
points, or 0.40 percent, to close at 8,817.90, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
First behavior clinic for pets opens in China
A veterinary hospital in southwest China's Sichuan Province has opened the
country's first animal behavior clinic to help owners solve behavioral problems
for their pets.
Senior CPC official meets Uzbek four-party joint delegation
Wang Gang, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China
(CPC) Central Committee, met here Friday with a four-party joint delegation of
Uzbekistan.
China responds to Japan's new defense guidelines, saying it poses
no threat to anybody
China on Friday responded to Japan's new defense guidelines, saying China had no
intention of threatening anybody.
Temperatures to rebound as cold snap ends
China's meteorological authority said Friday temperatures across the country
will rebound over the next three days as the cold spell is coming to an end.
Temperatures in Guangdong Province drop to record low since 1975
Temperatures in Guangdong Province dropped to their lowest levels for the same
period in more than 30 years early Friday morning, according to Guangdong
Meteorological Center.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close 0.2 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed 46.07 points higher, or 0.2 percent, at 22,714.85 on
Friday.
Rescuers search for 13 missing fishermen in S. China sea
Rescuers are searching for 13 fishermen who were abroad a fishing boat that went
missing Wednesday off China's southern island province of Hainan.
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong -- Dec. 17
The gold price in Hong Kong closed down 94 HK dollars at 12,748 HK dollars per
tael on Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Hang Seng China Enterprises Index up 0.27 pct -- Dec. 17
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange rose 33.93
points, or 0.27 percent, to close Friday's trading at 12,468.88.
Hong Kong taxi fare increase application under study
Hong Kong's urban, New Territories and Lantau taxi associations have submitted
applications for an increase of flagfall charges by 2 HK dollars ( about 0.25
U.S. dollars), the city's Transport and Housing Bureau said Friday.
Nearly 80 percent of Chinese unhappy with government websites:
survey
Nearly 80 percent of Chinese recently surveyed by a not-for-profit organization
said they were dissatisfied with government websites as the sites lacked useful
information, said the survey report made public Thursday.
Profits of China's SOEs up 43 pct in first 11 months
Profits of China's state-owned enterprises (SOEs) in the first 11 months hit
1.81 trillion yuan (271.92 billion U.S. dollars), up 43.1 percent year on year,
figures released Friday by the Ministry of Finance (MOF) show.
Sinochem agrees to buy DSM stake to form anti-infective JV
China's state-owned Sinochem Group announced it has reached a framework
agreement Friday with the Netherlands-based Royal DSM N.V. to buy a 50-percent
stake in DSM's anti-infectives unit.
China to boost interest-rate liberalization in next five years:
central bank governor
China's central bank governor, Zhou Xiaochuan, said Friday that the country
would promote liberalization  of interest rates during the next five years.
Cross-Strait talks have "more tangible results": SEF chairman
Procedures of cross-Strait talks had become more "simplified" and the results
"more tangible" after five talks over the last two-and-half years, said chairman
of the Taiwan-based Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF) Friday in Taipei.
Giraffe in north China zoo gives birth to rare twins
A giraffe at a zoo in north China's Hebei Province gave birth to the country's
first pair of giraffe twins, which are also rare anywhere in the world.
China puts on market pork reserves to ensure adequate supplies
China has put on the market state pork reserves to stabilize prices and ensure
adequate supplies during the upcoming New Year Festival, an unnamed official
with the Ministry of Commerce said Friday.
Roundup-China Focus: China's foreign trade to hit new high, but
exports environment  worsens
China's foreign trade is expected to hit a historic high this year, yet the
nation's exporters are likely to come up against more trade barriers as the
world economy struggles to stage a bullish recovery.
Chinese defense minister meets Afghan guest
Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie met Friday with Mohebullah Moheb, Afghan
Deputy Defense Minister for Policy and Strategy.
China marks anniversary of broadcasting service
China held a gathering here Friday to celebrate the 70th anniversary of its
broadcasting service and founding of the China National Radio (CNR), with senior
officials calling for innovation in the sector to enhance its appeal.
China, Australia agree to step up military cooperation
China and Australia on Friday agreed to expand exchange and cooperation between
the two armed forces so to cope with emerging new security challenges.
Beijing-based China Daily debuts in Houston
China Daily, a Beijing-based national English-language newspaper, on Friday
began printing its U.S. edition in Houston, marking the paper's sixth publishing
base in the United States.
China, Russia to expand law-enforcement cooperation, curb cross-
border crimes
China and Russia vowed here Friday to step up cooperation on law enforcement to
safeguard bilateral economic and personnel exchanges.
1st LD-Writethru: Temperatures in Guangdong Province drop to
record low since 1975
Temperatures in Guangdong Province dropped to their lowest levels for the same
period in more than 30 years early Friday morning, according to Guangdong
Meteorological Center.
China Focus: Chinese economy undergoes "soft landing," able to
curb inflation next  year
Chinese economy is showing signs of a "soft landing" and it is likely the
Chinese government will be able to keep inflation at a "reasonable" level next
year, Liu Mingkang, chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC),
said Friday.
Chinese vice premier stresses family planning
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang has urged family planning workers to make more
contributions to the long-term balance of the country's population to pave the
way for economic and social development.
Woman committed arson over gambling grievances that left nine
dead,two injured in  east China
Police in east China's Zhejiang Province said Friday they had identified the
arsonist as a woman who killed nine people, including herself, and injured two
others over gambling grievances on Dec. 13.
CPC vows to enhance friendship with Mongolian People's Party
A senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) on Friday vowed to
enhance the party's friendship and cooperation with the Mongolian People's Party
(MPP).
China builds more barrier-free facilities for disabled
Lin Yong, born blind, has dreamed of walking freely by himself, without help
from those warm-hearted individuals who would give him guidance.
Chinese vice president stresses promotion of hardworking
officials at grassroots
Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping Friday stressed efforts to promote outstanding
officials at the grassroots who had tirelessly performed official duties
honestly and diligently for the people.
Senior Chinese leader urges talent cultivation for international
communication
A senior leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Friday called for the
country's educational institutions to strengthen cultivation of international
communication capabilities.
Two tones of Indian hemp seized in Morocco
Moroccan police have seized two tones of Indian hemp in Morocco's northern city
of Teteuan, a few miles south of the Strait of Gibraltar, the state news agency
reported Sunday.
Qatar Airways plans IPO in early 2012: CEO
Qatar's national carrier is planning to launch an initial public offering (IPO)
in early 2012, the airline's CEO said in remarks published in the Gulf nation
Sunday.
Iran starts economic reform plan
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has announced the launch of his economic
reform plan aimed at cutting government subsidies on key consumer goods, the
local satellite Press TV said on Sunday.
2 killed, 7 wounded in Baghdad violence
Two people were killed and seven others wounded in separate gunfire and bomb
attacks in Baghdad on Sunday, an Interior Ministry source said.
Ahmadinejad calls on West to stop confrontation over nuclear
issues
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called on Western countries to abandon
policy of confrontation with Iran over its nuclear issues, the official IRNA
news agency reported on Sunday.
Settlers flourish, Palestinians suffer Israel's "discriminatory
policies": report
A New York-based rights organization on Sunday called on Israel to withdraw
settlements from the occupied West Bank, noting that the settlers flourish and
the Palestinians suffer due to "discriminatory policies."
Iranian parliament speaker slams inappropriate dismissal of
former FM
Iranian Majlis (Parliament) Speaker Ali Larijani on Sunday criticized the
"inappropriate" removal of former Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki on his
trip to Senegal, the local satellite Press TV reported on Sunday.
Iran calls on Pakistan to seriously confront terrorists inside
its soil
A senior Iranian lawmaker called on Pakistan on Sunday to seriously confront
terrorists inside its soil, the English language satellite Press TV reported.
U.S. tourist murdered near Jerusalem
The body of a female U.S. tourist with multiple stab wounds was found early
Sunday by Israeli security forces in a forest near Jerusalem, local daily Ha
'aretz reported on Sunday.
Sudan reiterates ability to preserve security, stability at
referendum
Sudanese Vice President Ali Osman Mohamed Taha on Sunday reiterated the
government's ability to preserve security and stability in the country for the
upcoming Jan. 9 south Sudan referendum.
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,355 points on
Sunday, dropping by seven points from last Thursday's finish.
Egyptian president: Israel responsible for the stalled Middle
East peace
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Sunday warned Israel over its strategy in
the Middle East and blamed Israel on the stalled Middle East peace process.
Hamas says Fatah should stop West Bank arrest to push for unity
Islamic Hamas movement said Sunday progress in reconciliation with Fatah party
can not be made if the latter does not stop arresting Hamas members in the West
Bank.
More Latin American countries to recognize Palestinian state:
official
More Latin American countries will recognize a Palestinian state on the lands
that Israel occupied in 1967, the Palestinian foreign minister said Sunday.
Yearender: Middle East strives for peace, stability amid
uncertainties in 2010
by Li Laifang
Jordan's parliament slams Islamists' remarks over Afghan war
Jordan's lower house on Sunday said some leaders in the Islamic Action Front
(IAF) crossed the red line by questioning the role of the Jordanian armed forces
and its noble humanitarian mission in the Arab and the Muslim nations.
Israeli cabinet extends stipend bill for religious student
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday succeeded in pushing through
a controversial cabinet bill to extend, and then gradually taper off stipend
benefits to yeshiva seminary students.
Arab nations prepare to present draft resolution to UN General
Assembly
The Arab states plan to present a draft resolution to the United Nations
Security Council against the Jewish settlements and they will turn to the UN
General Assembly if the United States vetoes the draft, a Palestinian official
said.
Interview: "Intifada of Graveyards" campaign launched in West
Bank: Palestinian official
by Osama Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Roundup: Gulf Arab markets advance slightly
Stock markets in Dubai and Abu Dhabi, which are both part of the Gulf state
United Arab Emirates (UAE), posted small gains on Sunday, which marks the start
of the working week in the Gulf Arab region.
Urgent: Iran lawmakers decide to cut relations with UK
National Security and Foreign Policy Commission of Iran's parliament decided on
Sunday to "cut relations completely" with Britain, local semi-official Fars news
agency reported.
1st LD: Iran lawmakers decide to cut relations with UK
National Security and Foreign Policy Commission of Iran's parliament decided on
Sunday to "cut relations completely" with Britain, local semi-official Fars news
agency reported.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes down
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,069.76 points on
Sunday, down 1.35 points from Thursday's close. The turnover was 1.29 billion
shekels (about 359 million U.S. dollars).
2nd LD: Iran lawmakers decide to cut relations with UK
National Security and Foreign Policy Commission of Iran's parliament decided on
Sunday to "cut relations completely" with Britain, local semi-official Fars news
agency reported.
Improving Egyptians' livelihood major task of government: Mubarak
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Sunday stressed his commitment to developing
the country's economy and improving people's life as a major task of his
government in front of the new parliament.
Armed separatists take army officer hostage in south Yemen
Armed wing of the Yemeni separatist Southern Movement took an army officer as
hostage in the southern province of Lahj to press for the release of a number of
their activists, a security official of the Interior Ministry said on Sunday.
Jordan welcomes UN decision to lift most sanctions against Iraq
Jordan on Sunday welcomed the UN Security Council decision to lift most of the
sanctions imposed on Iraq in 1991.
Lebanon files complaint to UNSC over Israeli spy devices
Lebanon filed a complaint to the United Nations Security Council about two
espionage devices placed by Israel in Lebanon's mountainous regions, the
Lebanese foreign ministry said over the weekend.
Israeli withdrawal not mean full implementation of UN resolution:
UN official
Israel's planned withdrawal from the northern part of Lebanon's border village
of Ghajar did not entail a full implementation of UN resolution 1701, Lebanese
state- run National News Agency (NNA) quoted an UN official as saying on Sunday.
Israeli cabinet approves benefits for families of firefighters
killed in forest fire
The Israeli cabinet decided in its weekly meeting on Sunday to award financial
benefits to the families of firefighters killed earlier this month when
extinguishing a blaze that raged through the Carmel Forest in northern Israel.
Israel sets free Syrian prisoner in Golan Heights
Israeli authorities in the occupied Syrian Golan Heights on Sunday set free
Syrian prisoner Zeid Khater after more than four months of detention.
Turkish Cypriot leader undergoes heart operation in Ankara
Turkish Cypriot leader Dervis Eroglu underwent a coronary by-pass surgery on
Sunday in the Turkish capital of Ankara, a hospital statement said.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 19
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Sunday warned Israel over its strategy in
the Middle East and blamed Israel on the stalled Middle East peace process.
Urgent: S. Korean military to conduct live-fire drills Monday
South Korean military to carry out live-fire military drills in the sea near
Yeontyeong Island on Monday, a Defense Ministry spokesman told Xinhua.
1st LD Writethru: S. Korean military to conduct live-fire drills
Monday
South Korean military to carry out live-fire military drills in the sea near
Yeontyeong Island on Monday, a Defense Ministry spokesman told Xinhua.
Dollar trades near 84 yen line in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded just above the 84 yen line early Monday in Tokyo, little
changed from its levels on Friday in New York.
Nikkei opens slightly lower as mood cautious
Japanese stocks opened slightly lower Monday as a cautious mood prevailed amid
rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
Yearender: Developing Asia leads global recovery in 2010
By Prime Sarmiento
Worst floods in 50 years hit Western Australia's town
Food and water are on the way to people trapped by the worst floods in 50 years
around the Western Australian town of Carnarvon, said authorities of Western
Australia on Monday.
2nd LD Writethru: S. Korea to conduct live-fire drill in Yellow
Sea Monday
South Korea will conduct a live-fire drill Monday from a western border island
shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), the
Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) in Seoul said.
Airlines warn travelers to Britain at their own risk
People at New Zealand's Auckland airport wanting to fly to Britain are still
being advised that travel is at their own risk, with airlines unable to
guarantee their flights will get to London due to snow storms there.
Thousands of Australian Qantas passengers stranded amid Christmas
snow chaos
Thousands of passengers booked on Australia's Qantas flights bound for the
United Kingdom on Monday continued to stuck in Asia, while London's Heathrow
Airport in Britain remains closed by snow.
Australian Labor Party loses ground since last general election
An analysis of Newspoll surveys on Monday revealed that Australian federal Labor
has lost ground since the Aug. 21 election in key states, and would lose an
early election.
More Chinese travelers expected to Australian Melbourne
An increase in Chinese travelers through Australia's Melbourne Airport is
expected to continue in December, with three additional airlines operating
direct daily flights, airport chief said on Monday.
Chinese new year tour packages sell out fast in Singapore
With the year-end travel season still in view, many Singaporeans have already
made plans for more sightseeing during the Chinese New Year holiday.
Urgent: 9 feared dead in N. Philippines hotel fire: report
Nine people were feared dead after a fire broke out in a hotel in a northern
Philippine city before dawn Sunday, local TV station GMA reported.
1st LD: suicide bombing rocks Afghan capital
A group of militants armed with suicide vests attacked a bus carrying Afghan
army personnel in east of Afghan capital Kabul Sunday morning, police said.
Australian federal Labor support falls: Newspoll
The latest Newspoll revealed on Monday that Australian federal Labor's primary
support was down again after the August election.
1st LD: 9 feared dead in N. Philippines hotel fire: report
Nine people were feared dead in a fire broke out in a hotel in a northern
Philippine city before dawn Sunday, local TV station GMA reported.
India starts Kaladan river project in Myanmar
India has laid foundation for construction of port and waterway terminal of a
Myanmar-India Kaladan Multimodal Transit Transport Project in Sittway township
of western Myanmar's Rakhine state, local media reported Monday.
2nd LD Writethru: 9 feared dead in N. Philippines hotel fire:
report
Nine people were feared dead after a fire broke out in a hotel in a northern
Philippine city before dawn Sunday, local TV station GMA reported.
3rd LD Writethru: S. Korea to conduct live-fire drill in Yellow
Sea Monday
South Korea will conduct a live-fire drill Monday from a western border island
shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), the
Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) in Seoul said.
Rio Tinto to sell out most of its U.S. coal mining unit
Rio Tinto is to rake in at least 2 billion U.S. dollars by divesting most of its
U.S. coal mining unit, Rio Tinto Energy America, a Rio Tinto official said in
the weekend.
S. Korea reports additional case of foot-and-mouth disease near
Seoul
SEOUL, Dec. 20 (Xinhua) - An additional case of foot-and- mouth disease has been
confirmed Monday in Goyang City, near Seoul, aggravating fears that quarantine
efforts have failed to prevent spread of the highly contagious viral disease
affecting cloven- hoofed animals.
20 provinces in Thailand facing winter disaster
The Thai Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation on Sunday declared
winter disaster zone in northern and northeastern 20 provinces in Thailand.
Economy will be volatile in Australia next year: ANZ Chairman
Australia's economic recovery will be volatile as Europe and the United States
struggled in the aftermath of the global financial crisis, said a major banker
of Australia.
2nd LD: 2 suicide bombers storm army compound in N. Afghanistan
Two suicide bombers stormed Afghan army recruitment center on Sunday in Kunduz
city capital of northern Kunduz province, deputy police chief said.
Urgent: Roadside bomb kills 1 child, injures 4
A child was killed and four other children injured as a roadside bomb hit a
civilian car in Panjwai district of Kandahar province in southern Afghanistan on
Sunday, an official said.
3rd LD Writethru: 15 feared dead, 12 injured in N. Philippines
hotel fire: police
Fifteen people were feared dead while 12 others were injured after a fire broke
out in a hotel in a northern Philippine city before dawn Sunday, police said.
1st LD Writethru: Roadside bomb kills 1 child, injures 4 in S.
Afghanistan
A child was killed and four other children were injured as a roadside bomb
struck a civilian car in Panjwai district of Kandahar province in southern
Afghanistan on Sunday, district chief said.
Christmas Island of Australia to hold memorial services for
asylum seekers
Asylum seekers who died when their boat was wrecked off Christmas Island of
Australia last week will be remembered in a private memorial service on Sunday.
3rd LD: Suicide bombers storm army compound in N. Afghanistan,
gun battle continues
Two suicide bombers stormed Afghan army recruitment center on Sunday in Kunduz
city capital of northern Kunduz province, deputy police chief said.
2nd LD Writethru: Suicide bombings rock Afghan capital, killing 5
soldiers
Two suicide bombers targeted Afghan army in capital city Kabul Sunday morning
killing five personnel of the national army and wounding nine others, Defense
Ministry said in a statement released here.
Christmas Island boat death toll likely rises to 48: Australian
PM
The final death toll from the Christmas Island boat disaster is likely to rise
to about 48, Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said on Monday.
Red-shirts starts to gather at Bangkok's downtown
Some anti-government "Red-shirts" supporters started to gather at Ratchaprasong
Intersection on Sunday in order to commemorate the deceased during the May
confrontation between the military and protesters.
China's strong tourism market drives Sydney Airport traffic up
More travelers to and from China contributed Sydney Airport to record a solid
growth of 4.7 percent in passenger traffic in November, the airport's majority
owner MAp Group said on Monday.
7 Bangladeshis, 1 Afghan kidnapped in N. Afghanistan
Unknown armed men kidnapped seven Bangladeshis and one Afghan in Balkh province
of northern Afghanistan Saturday, Interior Ministry said Sunday.
Myanmar's rice export drops sharply in nine months
Myanmar's rice export dropped sharply by about 65 percent in the first three
quarters (April- December) of the fiscal year 2010-11, reaching only 221,600
tons, the local Weekly Eleven News reported Monday, quoting the Ministry of
Commerce.
Urgent: 15 confirmed killed, 12 injured in Philippine building
fire
Fifteen people, including nine nursing graduates who were supposed to take the
two-day licensure examinations starting Saturday, were confirmed killed while 12
others were injured in an early Sunday blaze that gobbled up two buildings in
Tuguegarao City, Cagayan province in northern Philippines, police officials
said.
Troops hunt down militants holding Chinese-Filipino resort owner
in S. Philippines
Philippine troops launched an operation Monday to rescue a Chinese-Filipino
resort owner abducted by Muslim militants in the southern Philippines.
1st LD Writethru: 15 confirmed killed, 12 injured in Philippine
fire
Fifteen people, including nine nursing graduates who were supposed to take the
two-day licensure examinations starting Saturday, were confirmed killed while 12
others were injured in an early Sunday blaze that gobbled up two buildings in
Tuguegarao City, Cagayan province in northern Philippines, police officials
said.
Nepal starts collecting applications for machine readable
passports
The Central Passport Distribution Office (CPDO) at Nepali Ministry of Foreign
Affairs has started collecting forms from the applicants to issue newly printed
Machine Readable Passports (MRPs).
Japanese rally for abolition of death penalty
About 1,700 people gathered together at a rally in Tokyo for the abolition of
the death penalty on Sunday, local media reported.
Australian gov't approves Darwin International Airport master
plan
Australian federal government on Monday approved the master plan for Darwin
International Airport in Northern Territory.
Nepali farmers to get free seeds, fertilizers
Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) has decided to provide seeds of cereal
crops and vegetables along with chemical fertilizers free of cost for a year to
farmers of three far-western districts in Nepal.
Japan to step up monitoring of greenhouse gas emissions
The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) plans to monitor the levels of "super"
greenhouse gases at two observatories in the country in a bid to combat global
warming, local media reported.
WB to finalize 1.2 bln USD credit for Bangladesh's major bridge
The World Bank (WB) is expected to finalize an initial 1.2 billion U.S. dollars
credit in January for a Bangladesh's major bridge project, an official of the
Washington- based lender said here Sunday.
Indian stocks open lower
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,770.02 points Monday 94.83 points
lower from previous close of 19,864.85 points on tensions over Korean peninsula.
Indonesia's automobile sales jump this year
JAKARTA, Dec. 20 (Xinhua) - Indonesia's automotive sales increased significantly
during January to November when car sales jumped 35.7 percent and motorcycles
sales rose 29.4 percent compared to the same period last year, Kompas daily
reported on Monday.
4th LD Writethru: Suicide bombers storm army compound in N.
Afghanistan, 9 killed
Two suicide bombers stormed Afghan army recruitment center on Sunday in Kunduz
city the capital of northern Kunduz province leaving nine including two bombers
dead and injuring 14 others, acting provincial governor Hamdullah Danishi said.
Red-shirts confront Thai police briefly in Bangkok
Anti-government "Red-shirt" supporters on Sunday confronted with the guarding
police for 10 minutes as thousands of protesters blocked the traffic and tried
to abolish the barricades.
Nepal to organize elephant race to welcome tourism year
In order to welcome the Nepal Tourism Year 2011, Regional Hotel Association is
organizing the 7th International Elephant Race at Chitwan national park in
central Nepal on Dec. 26-28.
2 Australian soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
Two Australian soldiers have been wounded in action in Afghanistan and one is in
a serious condition, Australian Defense Force confirmed on Monday.
Thai anti-gov't Red-shirt leader announces two demands
A leader of anti-government "Red- shirt" movement on Sunday announced two
demands to the government during their gathering at Ratchaprasong central
commercial district of Bangkok.
Roundup: Bangladesh's main bourse sees biggest ever single- day
fall
The main barometer of Bangladesh's premier bourse -- Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE)
-- registered biggest ever single-day fall on Sunday, leading hundreds of angry
investors to stage demonstration.
Roundup: Twin offensives leave 16 dead including 12 Afghan
security personnel, wound 23
By Abdul Haleem
S. Korea vows to proceed with firing drill off border island
South Korea's military reaffirmed Sunday it will go ahead with its planned live-
fire drill off a Yellow Sea border island, despite strong reactions from the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), local media reported.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 19
At least 37 people were killed and some others went missing after a boat
capsized in Bangladesh's Sunamganj district, 296 kms northeast of capital Dhaka,
on Saturday.
Yearender: 2010, a turbulent year for S. Korea, DPRK
By Kim Junghyun
Zimbabwe's Zanu-PF endorses President Mugabe ahead of 2011 polls
Zimbabwe's Zanu-PF party on Saturday nominated President Robert Mugabe as its
presidential candidate in next year's elections.
Yearender: Constitution-making takes center stage as Zimbabwe's
inclusive government survives another turbulent year
By Tichaona Chifamba
Ethiopian Airlines receives another Boeing 777-200 LR aircraft
Ethiopian Airlines said on Sunday that it has received the second delivery of a
Boeing 777- 200LR, making it the first African airliner to possess and operate
the ultra-long-range aircraft.
Saudi Arabia becomes Ethiopia's top investment partner
Saudi Arabia has become Ethiopia's No. 1 investment partner followed by India
and China, the Ethiopian Investment Authority (EIA) said on Sunday.
South Africa plans radical changes to labor law
Proposed changes to South Africa's labor laws will radically redesign the work
environment and increase state surveillance in the corporate world, the Sunday
Times newspaper in Johannesburg reported on Sunday.
1st LD Writethru: 2 killed in jet crash in southeastern
Switzerland
Two people were killed when a small jet crashed in full fire at Graubunden,
southeastern Switzerland, local police said Sunday.
OSCE mission head: Belarus presidential election improves
The observing mission head of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in
Europe (OSCE) said Sunday that the mission might give a higher assessment for
the Belarus' presidential election.
Georgian president urges for measures to ease high inflation
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili has instructed his government to form a
special program of measures so as to ease the high inflation and off-load some
of the inflation-inflicted burdens on socially-vulnerable people of the country.
UN Security Council starts emergency meeting on rising tensions
on Korean Peninsula
The UN Security Council on Sunday began an emergency meeting on the rising
tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
2nd LD Writethru: 2 killed in jet crash in southeastern
Switzerland
Two people were killed when a small jet crashed in full fire at Graubunden,
southeastern Switzerland, local police said Sunday.
11 killed in pipeline explosion in central Mexico
At least 11 people died in central Mexican state Puebla due to a pipeline
explosion, on Sunday, municipal authorities told local media.
Lucas di Grassi wins the International Challenge auto race
In the southern Brazilian city of Florianopolis, Santa Catarina, Formula 1
drivers from all over the world participated in Sunday's International Challenge
of the Stars.
Flamengo slams Paulistano 116-76 in Brazilian basketball
Despite the summer heat of Rio de Janeiro, Flamengo won convincingly in front of
their home crowd on Sunday, defeating Paulistano 116-76 in the New Brazilian
Basketball league, the NBB.
Joinville beat Franca 93-78 in Brazilian basketball
In front of their home crowd, Joinville defeated Franca 93-78 on Sunday in the
New Brazilian Basketball league, the NBB.
Santos' Neymar compares teammate Ganso to Zinedine Zidane
18-year-old Santos striker Neymar openly declared his admiration for fellow
teammate Paulo Henrique Ganso on Sunday.
Fluminense's Conca, Ramalho nominated for best of the Americas
After a spectacular performance in the 2010 Brazilian Championship, Fluminense's
star midfielder Dario Conca received the nomination on Sunday to be selected as
the best soccer player in the Americas.
Vasco da Gama wins Rio-Sao Paulo Cup of beach soccer
In the finals of the Rio- Sao Paulo Cup of beach soccer, a visiting Vasco da
Gama beat Corinthians on Sunday 4-2.
Afellay to join Barca with Eindhoven's victory farewell
Ibrahim Afellay said goodbye to his home crowd of PSV Eindhoven on Sunday,
beating Roda JC Kerkrade 3-1 in the Dutch league.
Urgent: Lukashenko wins presidential election: CEC
Incumbent Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko won the presidential
election on Sunday, according to the Central Election Commission (CEC) citing
preliminary results.
1st LD: Lukashenko wins presidential election: CEC
Incumbent Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko has won the Sunday
presidential election, according to the Central Election Commission (CEC) citing
preliminary results.
12 die in oil pipeline explosion in central Mexico
Twelve people died in central Mexican state Puebla due to an oil pipeline
explosion on Sunday, state-run energy giant Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) said in
a statement.
Greek PM expresses condolences for death of Italian economist
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou expressed his deepest condolences on
Sunday for the death of Italian economist Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa.
Feature: Belarusians brave cold weather to vote for future
by Xinhua Writers Hai Yang, Sun Ping
Dutch traffic slowly recovering from heavy snowfall
Traffic in the Netherlands is slowly recovering from severe chaos due to heavy
snowfall and freezing temperatures on Sunday. The extreme weather conditions led
to accidents, traffic jams, delay and cancellation of public transport and
dozens of flights.
Franca selected to host the Brazilian basketball All-Star game
Widely known as Brazil's basketball capital, Sao Paulo's Franca was chosen on
Sunday to host the third edition of the New Brazilian Basketball (NBB) All- Star
game.
Norway win 4th consecutive European women's handball title
Defending champions Norway defeated Sweden with the scores of 25-20 in Herning,
Denmark, on Sunday to achieve their fouth consecutive gold medal of the European
women's handball championship.
2nd LD Writethru: Lukashenko wins Belarusian presidential
election: CEC
Incumbent Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko has won the Sunday
presidential election, according to the Central Election Commission (CEC) citing
preliminary results.
2nd LD Writethru: Mexico's oil pipeline explosion death toll
rises to 22
A total of 22 people died in a central Mexico oil pipeline explosion that also
injured 32 people, two of them very seriously, an official from the Puebla state
government told Xinhua by telephone on Sunday.
Botafogo reject Atletico-MG's offer for Jobson
The president of Botafogo, Mauricio Assumpcao, bitterly rejected Atletico-MG's
initial offer for striker Jobson on Sunday.
Italian Serie A leading scorers
Following are the leading scorers in Serie A after weekend matches:
3rd LD Writethru: Mexico's oil pipeline explosion death toll
rises to 27
The death toll of an oil pipeline explosion in central Mexico rose to 27 with 52
injuries, state-run energy giant Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) said in a statement
on Sunday.
Napoli, Lazio erode Milan's lead while Juve falter
Napoli and Lazio took advantage of the slip-up of Serie A leaders AC Milan to
move closer within three points after both scored home wins on Sunday.
Napoli coach happy with tough win against Lecce
Napoli coach Walter Mazzarri said he was happy after his side overcame a hurdle
in a 1-0 win over Lecce at home on Sunday.
Napoli beat Lecce 1-0 thanks to Cavani's late goal
Napoli moved within three points of Serie A leaders AC Milan on Sunday when they
beat Lecce 1-0 at home thanks to a late goal from Edinson Cavani.
Del Neri phlegmatic about Juve's late draw
Juventus coach Gigi Del Neri was phlegmatic and philosophical after Chievo
scored a late goal to hold his side to a 1-1 draw at home on Sunday.
Chievo's late goal denies Juve win
Sergio Pellissier equalized deep into injury-time to help Chievo draw 1-1 at
home with 10-man Juventus on Sunday.
Chievo coach delighted with late draw against Juve
Chievo coach Stefano Pioli said he was delighted to see his side was motivated
and determined to stop "big boys" of Juventus from taking three points away in a
1-1 draw on Sunday.
Genoa derby postponed due to heavy snow
The Serie A game between Sampdoria and Genoa scheduled for Sunday night has been
postponed due to heavy snow, according to a statement Sampdoria released on
Sunday.
Public enjoys artificial skating rink in Singapore
Singapore's Marina Bay Sands Skating Rink opened to public on Sunday to attract
lots of people to enjoy the winter's weather which this tropical country does
not have.
New owners expected to save Bologna
Cash-strapped Bologna will have new owners who are expected to save the Serie A
club from bankruptcy, the club said in a statement on Sunday.
UN Security Council still meeting over rising tensions on Korean
Peninsula
The UN Security Council is still meeting behind closed doors on Sunday afternoon
after five hours of consultations on the mounting tensions on the Korean
Peninsula.
Els wins South African golf open
South African golfer Ernie Els held off countryman Retief Goosen on Sunday to
win the South African Open championship at Durban Country Club.
Win a reward for our spirit, says Lazio coach
The hard won 3-2 triumph over Udinese is a reward for Lazio's fighting spirit,
said their coach Edy Reja following the Serie A game on Sunday.
South Africa dominate India in cricket Test
South Africa were on top after the fourth day of the first cricket Test against
India at Centurion near Pretoria on Sunday.
Urgent: Turnout in Belarus presidential polls over 90 pct: CEC
Turnout of the Sunday presidential election in Belarus was a little over 90
percent, announced the Central Election Commission (CEC).
Biden says U.S. initial Afghanistan withdrawal not be "token
amount"
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden on Sunday said the United States will start to
pull its troops out of Afghanistan in 2011, and the initial withdrawal "will not
be a token amount."
1st LD Writethru: Turnout in Belarus presidential polls over 90
pct: CEC
Turnout of the Sunday presidential election in Belarus was a little over 90
percent, announced the Central Election Commission (CEC).
Maria keeps Real in chase of Barcelona
Angel Di Maria scored a goal with 13 minutes remaining to give Real Madrid a 1-0
win at home to Sevilla on Sunday.
Bayern wins, Leverkusen ties at German Bundesliga
Record champions Bayern Munich humiliated struggling Stuttgart 5-3 thanks to
three goal by striker Mario Gomez while Leverkusen remained unbeaten streak to
11 matches being held to a 2-2 draw against Freiburg on Sunday.
Armenian inflation hits 9.6 pct in November: central bank
The annual inflation rate hit 9.6 percent in November in Armenia, according to
news reaching here on Sunday.
Pakistani media praise Chinese premier's latest visit
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao's latest visit to Pakistan will further enhance the
all-weather strategic relationship between the two countries, Pakistani media
said Sunday.
2nd LD Writethru: Turnout in Belarus presidential polls over 90
pct
Turnout of Sunday's presidential election in Belarus was a little over 90
percent, announced the Central Election Commission (CEC).
Roundup: Premier Wen's visits to India, Pakistan produce fruitful
results: Chinese FM
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao's visits to India and Pakistan from Dec. 15 to Dec.
19 are fruitful and successful with rich achievements, Chinese Foreign Minister
Yang Jiechi said on Sunday.
Urgent: Russia insists UN chief send special envoy for talks on
Korean Peninsula
Russian UN Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said here Sunday that his delegation still
pursues the idea that the UN secretary-general immediately sends a special
representative to Pyongyang and Seoul to consult on how to calm down the current
mounting tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
1st LD: Russia insists UN chief send special envoy for talks on
Korean Peninsula
Russian UN Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said here Sunday his delegation still
pursues the idea that the UN secretary-general immediately sends a special
representative to Pyongyang and Seoul to calm down the mounting tensions on the
Korean Peninsula.
Urgent: UN security council fails to reach agreement on tensions
on Korean Peninsula
The UN Security Council failed on Sunday to reach an agreement on the rising
tensions on the Korean Peninsula after an emergency meeting.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 20
South Korean military to carry out live-fire military drills in the sea near
Yeonpyeong Island on Monday, a Defense Ministry spokesman told Xinhua.  (S.
Korea-Live-fire Drills)
1st LD Writethru: UN Security Council fails to reach agreement on
Korean crisis,  Russia insists UN mediation
The UN Security Council failed on Sunday to reach an agreement on the rising
tensions on the Korean Peninsula after an emergency meeting.
UN examines situation of Colombian refugees in Ecuador
UN High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres has arrived here for an
official visit aimed at assessing the situation of Colombian refugees in
Ecuador, local officials said.
2nd LD Writethru: UN Security Council fails to reach agreement on
Korean crisis,  Russia pursues UN mediation
The UN Security Council on Sunday failed to reach a consensus on the mounting
tensions on the Korean Peninsula after eight hours of closed-door consultations.
Urgent: DPRK media calls upon whole nation to oppose war, guard
peace
An official newspaper of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on
Monday called upon the whole nation to oppose war and guard peace in an effort
to smash the warmongers' lot of igniting the war.
1st LD Writethru: DPRK media calls upon nation to oppose war,
guard peace
An official newspaper of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on
Monday called upon the whole nation to oppose war and guard peace in an effort
to smash the warmongers' plot of igniting the war.
Urgent: Lukashenko reelected as Belarusian president: CEC
Incumbent Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko was reelected for a fourth
term, announced the Central Election Commission (CEC) early Monday.
Kidnappers to release former Mexican presidential candidate
Former Mexican presidential candidate and Senator Diego Fernandez de Cevallos,
who was abducted more than seven months ago, will be released soon, his
kidnappers announced on Sunday.
3rd LD Writethru: UN Security Council fails to reach consensus on
Korean crisis as  S.Korea live-fire drill drawing near
The UN Security Council on Sunday failed to reach a consensus on the crisis of
the Korean Peninsula after eight hours of closed-door consultations, due to the
gaps among the council members, diplomats said here.
Urgent: Chinese premier calls for closer China-Pakistan
partnership
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao told Pakistani lawmakers on Sunday that the
two sides should further enhance their strategic cooperative partnership.
1st LD Writethru: Lukashenko reelected as Belarussian president:
CEC
Incumbent Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has been reelected for a
fourth term, announced the Central Election Commission (CEC) early Monday.
1st LD: Chinese premier calls for closer China-Pakistan
partnership
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao told Pakistani lawmakers on Sunday that the
two sides should further enhance their strategic cooperative partnership.
Urgent: China deeply worried about situation on Korean Peninsula,
calls for restraint
China on Sunday voiced its deep worries over the current situation on the Korean
Peninsula and called on the parties concerned to exercise maximum restraint and
return to the negotiation table at an early date, China's deputy permanent
representative to the United Nations Wang Min said.
Urgent: Wen proposes to deepen China-Pakistan practical
cooperation
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao told Pakistani lawmakers on Sunday that the
two sides should reinforce their practical cooperation in various fields.
2nd LD Writethru: Lukashenko reelected as Belarussian president:
CEC
Incumbent Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has been reelected for a
fourth term, announced the Central Election Commission (CEC) early Monday.
Urgent: Wen proposes to strengthen communication with Pakistan
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao told Pakistani lawmakers on Sunday that the
two sides should further improve communication on issues of mutual concern.
1st LD: China deeply worried about situation on Korean Peninsula,
calls for maximum  restraint
China on Sunday expressed deep worries over the current situation on the Korean
Peninsula and called on the parties concerned to exercise maximum restraint and
return to the negotiating table at an early date, China's deputy permanent
representative to the United Nations Wang Min said.
Urgent: Wen says China, Pakistan to celebrate year of friendship
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao told Pakistani lawmakers on Sunday that the
two sides will celebrate the Year of China-Pakistan Friendship in 2011.
"Tron: Legacy 3-D" rockets on top of North America film box
office
"Tron: Legacy 3-D," a Walt Disney Pictures retooling of the cult film classic
Tron franchise which originated in 1980s, beat major box office rivals this
weekend, grossing an estimated 43.6 million dollars in ticket receipts, the
North America box office authority said on Sunday.
2nd LD: Chinese premier calls for closer China-Pakistan
partnership
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao told Pakistani lawmakers on Sunday that the
two sides should further enhance their strategic cooperative partnership.
Panamanian gov't urged to do more to tackle climate change
The Panamanian government should make more efforts to tackle climate change, a
local environment official said Sunday.
Large Chinese book fair held in U.S. city Houston
A large Chinese book fair was held Saturday in the fourth largest U.S. city of
Houston to promote Chinese-learning among overseas Chinese as well foreigners
who are interested in studying Chinese.
Mexican president orders aid for oil pipeline explosion victims
Mexican President Felipe Calderon Sunday ordered the provision of medical care
to victims of an oil pipeline explosion in San Martin Texmelucan in the central
state of Puebla.
Two killed in ice house shooting in U.S. state of Texas
Six people were wounded, two fatally, in a shooting in an ice house in the U.S.
state of Texas early Saturday, authorities said.
Cuba intensifies anti-dengue campaign
The Cuban government has intensified its  campaign against dengue whose
incidence has increased in the past years, national health authorities said
Sunday.
Urgent: Presidential election starts in Belarus
Belarusian presidential election officially started at 08:00 a.m. local time
(0600 GMT) Sunday with the opening of some 6,000 polling stations across the
country.
3rd LD Writethru: Chinese premier calls for closer China-Pakistan
partnership
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao told Pakistani lawmakers Sunday that the two
sides should further enhance their strategic cooperative partnership.
1st LD: Presidential election starts in Belarus
Belarusian presidential election officially started on Sunday at 08:00 a.m.
local time (0600 GMT), with the opening of some 6,000 polling stations across
the country.
Global Review: China's diplomacy gains at year end
Both for individuals and nations, it's smart to maintain sound relations with
both neighbors and faraway friends, a principle which was reflected in China's
diplomacy at year end.
2nd LD Writethru: Presidential election starts in Belarus
The fourth Belarusian presidential election officially started on Sunday at
08:00 a.m. local time (0600 GMT), with the opening of some 6,000 polling
stations across the country.
Chinese premier concludes official visit to Pakistan
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao left the Pakistani capital for home on Sunday after
rounding off a visit to the neighboring country.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 19
Two suicide bombers targeted Afghan army in capital city Kabul Sunday morning
killing five personnel of the national army and wounding nine others, Defense
Ministry said in a statement released here.
Roundup: Wen calls on China, Pakistan to shape future by joining
hands
Visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivered a speech at the Pakistani
parliament here on Sunday, calling on the two countries to advance their
strategic partnership of cooperation and join hands to shape the future.
3rd LD Writethru: Presidential election starts in Belarus
Belarusians went to the polls on Sunday in the fourth presidential election
since the country gained independence in 1991.
China, Pakistan sign joint communique to consolidate partnership
China and Pakistan will enhance strategic coordination, advance pragmatic
cooperation and work together to meet challenges in pursuit of common
development, said a joint communique signed on Sunday by the two countries.
4th LD Writethru: Presidential election starts in Belarus
Belarusians went to the polls on Sunday in the fourth presidential election
since the country gained independence in 1991.
Chinese premier asks Pakistani parliamentary leaders to help
enhance bilateral partnership
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Sunday called upon top Pakistani lawmakers to
strengthen bilateral parliamentary exchanges and help promote the two countries'
partnership.
Helicopter crash kills one in Russia
A helicopter crashed on the Russian Arctic island of Yamal, killing a crew
commander and injuring 15 passengers, said the Russian Aviation Committee
(Rosaviatsia) Sunday.
5th LD Writethru: Presidential election starts in Belarus
Belarusians went to the polls on Sunday in the fourth presidential election
since the country gained independence in 1991.
Urgent: Belarusian presidential election valid: CEC
The Sunday presidential election of Belarus has been claimed valid by the
Central Election Commission (CEC).
1st LD: Belarusian presidential election valid: CEC
The Sunday presidential election of Belarus has been claimed valid by the
Central Election Commission (CEC), a CEC spokesman said Sunday, quoting the
dynamics of turnout.
6th LD Writethru: Presidential election starts in Belarus
Belarusians went to the polls on Sunday in the fourth presidential election
since the country gained independence in 1991.
5.1-magnitude quake hits Ethiopia: USGS
An earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale jolted Ethiopia at about 1214
GMT on Sunday, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said.
5 people killed in fire in Southern Italy
Five people were killed on early Sunday after a fire broke out at a house in
southern Italian province of Benevento, local media reported.
2nd LD Writethru: Belarusian presidential election valid: CEC
The presidential election of Belarus held on Sunday has been claimed valid by
Lidia Yermoshina, head of the Central Election Commission (CEC).
High speed AVE train between Madrid, Valencia open to public
The high-speed AVE train line between Madrid and southeastern city of Valencia
opened to the public when the first train pulled out of Madrid's Atocha station
on Sunday morning.
5.1-magnitude quake hits Tajikistan: USGS
An earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale struck Tajikistan at about 1151
GMT on Sunday, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said.
Interview: Stockholm public transport to be fossil free by 2025:
project manager
by Xuefei Chen Axelsson
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 19
After almost eight months of lull in the Afghan capital Kabul, the Taliban
insurgents carried out suicide bombing there on Sunday and once again smashed
the hope for embracing lasting peace among the war-weary people.
Urgent: Jet crashes in southeastern Switzerland
A jet crashed in full fire at Graubunden, southeastern Switzerland, local police
announced Sunday afternoon.
Roundup: Belarusians go to polls to elect president
Belarusians went to the polls on Sunday in the fourth presidential election
since the country gained independence in 1991, which so far has been claimed
valid.
Brazilian racer Di Grassi wins karts competition
Brazilian pilot Lucas di Grassi on Sunday won the 6th edition of the
International Kart Challenge of the Starts in Florianopolis city, south of
Brazil.
Defense will win it, says South African rugby captain
South African Springbok rugby captain John Smit said on Sunday he believes
defense can ensure his team retains the Rugby World Cup.
Yearender: big names in doping news as biological passport shows
power
By Sportswriter Ma Xiangfei
Canada wins 2010 Sao Paulo City Tournament
The Canadian women's soccer team draw 2-2 with home team Brazil in the finals of
the 2010 Sao Paulo City Tournament on Sunday to lift the title of the event.
Cruzeiro, Palmeiras advance to under-20 Brazilian Championship
final
Cruzeiro and Palmeiras advanced to the final of the under-20 Brazilian
Championship on Sunday.
Cambodia 2011 Hun Sen Cup kicks off in provinces
Cambodia's 2011 Samdech Hun Sen Cup domestic football comptition kicked off on
Sunday with thirty-two teams from the country participated, local media reported
on Monday.
Guardiola: The magic will end one day
FC Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola watched his side hammer local rivals Espanyol
5-1 away from home with another magnificent display of football and then said
that one day his side's form would come to an end.
Turkish soccer fixtures
Following are the fixtures of the Turkish soccer league on Sunday:
China gets two golds of aerials in FIS freestyle ski World Cup
The 2010-2011 FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup finished its Jilin stage second round
of aerial events on Sunday with China winning both gold medals.
S. Koreans continue stranglehold of China Ladies Open
Kim Hye-youn picked a good day to shoot her best round of the week on Sunday
when she fired a four-under 68 for a one-stroke victory at the 250,000
U.S.-dollar China Ladies Open, the fifth consecutive year a South Korean had won
the national championship.
Urgent: Inaugural Asian Para Games conclude in Guangzhou
Dato' Zainal Abu Zarin, President of Asian Paralympic Committee (APC), declared
the Guangzhou 2010 Asian Para Games close at the Aoti Main Statium here on
Sunday evening.
(China Sports) Inaugural Asian Para Games concludes with flame
and spirit to stay  forever
The inaugural Asian Para Games saw the curtain rolled down in the Aoti Main
Stadium here on Sunday evening, with the flame and spirit to be kept in
Guangzhou forever.
Australian cricket has all the momentum in Ashes Test: Captain
Australia Cricket Team captain Ricky Ponting on Sunday said Mitchell Johnson's
stunning four- wicket burst on the second day of the third Test has given his
side all the momentum heading into the remainder of the series.
Indonesia beats Philippines in soccer match
Indonesia's national soccer team on Sunday defeated its Philippines opponents
1-0 in the Suzuki Cup of ASEAN Football Federation, private TV station RCTI
reported in a live event.
Vasco da Gama wins Rio-Sao Paulo Cup of beach soccer
In the finals of the Rio-Sao Paulo Cup of beach soccer, a visiting Vasco da Gama
beat Corinthians on Sunday 4-2.
(China Sports) Inaugural Asian Para Games concludes with flame
and spirit to stay  forever (updated)
The inaugural Asian Para Games saw the curtain rolled down in the Aoti Main
Stadium here on Sunday evening, with the flame and spirit to be kept in
Guangzhou forever.
Lazio beat Udinese thanks to late own goal
Lazio came within three points of Italian Serie A leaders AC Milan on Sunday
when they beat Udinese 3-2 at home due to a late own goal.
Dutch classic Ajax vs Feyenoord cancelled due to snow
The Dutch league classic between archrivals Ajax and Feyenoord has been called
off on Sunday due to heavy snowfall in the Netherlands.
Beijing upset Guangdong 80-78 in CBA basketball
Zaid Abbas had six points of his 26 down the stretch to help the Beijing Ducks
upset Guangdong Hongyuan 80-78 on Sunday, snapping a 19-game losing streak
against the defending champions in the Chinese Basketball Association league
(CBA).
Pirlo sidelined for one month
AC Milan midfielder Andrea Pirlo will be out of action for a month after
suffering a thign strain in Saturday's 1-0 home defeat to Roma, his club said on
Sunday.
Fluminense's Conca and Ramalho nominated for best of the Americas
After a spectacular performance in the 2010 Brazilian Championship, Fluminense's
star midfielder Dario Conca received the nomination on Sunday to be selected as
the best soccer player in the Americas.
Benitez's outburst poorly-timed, says Moratti
Inter President Massimo Moratti declared on Sunday Rafa Benitez's statements
were "poorly-timed" before declining to talk about the Spaniard.
Neymar compares teammate Ganso to Zinedine Zidane
The 18-year-old Santos striker Neymar openly declared his admiration for fellow
teammate Paulo Henrique Ganso on Sunday, comparing the midfielder to French
soccer star Zinedine Zidane.
Udinese not deserve to lose, says coach Guidolin
Udinese coach Francesco Guidolin rued defensive lapses by his side and claimed
they did not deserve the loss after they were beaten by Lazio in the Italian
Serie A on Sunday.
Chinese State Councilor embarks on visits to Latin American,
Caribbean countries
Chinese State Councilor Liu Yandong left Guangzhou, capital of south China's
Guangdong Province, on Monday for official visits to Chile, Ecuador, Colombia,
Antigua and Barbuda.
China pledges to curb excessive growth in land price
China's land regulators urged local land authorities late Sunday to take
concrete measures against excessive growth in the country's land prices in some
Chinese cities and crack down on illegal behavior, such as land hoarding, to
ensure the implementation of the government's cooling measures on the property
market.
Highest hotel expected in Shanghai in 2014
The Shanghai Tower J Hotel might set the world record as the highest hotel when
finished in 2014, China Daily reported Monday.
Chinese shares open higher Monday
Chinese shares opened higher Monday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
up 0.27 percent to 2,901.47 at the opening.
China Economic News in Brief: steel industry layout; world 7th
tallest building;  Xinjiang entrepreneurs forum
The following are some China economic news items in brief:
China's yuan retreats to 6.6623 per USD Monday
The value of yuan contracted as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6623 per U.S. dollar Monday, compared with Friday's
6.6593, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
Fatal grassland blaze in southwest China started by child
A 6-year-old boy playing with matches started a grassland fire that killed 23
people in a southwest China Tibetan area earlier this month, the local
authorities said Sunday.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 72 HK dollars to open at 12,820 HK dollars
per tael on Monday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
From China's net: Serve the leader; Student ingrates; Cheap eats
for government officials
China's on-line population -- at more than 400 million -- is the largest in the
world.  Their conversations cover almost every corner of the country and give an
insight into the popular issues of the day.
ChiNext Index opens higher Monday
ChiNext stocks added 0.22 percent, or 2.69 points, to open at 1,235.67 points
Monday.
China stock index futures open mixed Monday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Monday. The contract for settlement in
December, the most actively traded, opened 0.52 percent lower at 3,221.2.
China Focus: International Board to bolster China's stock market,
ease liquidity  pressures
SHANGHAI, Dec. 19 (Xinhua) - As China approaches the opening of its stock market
to overseas firms, experts believe the move will boost the development of the
nation's capital market and help soak up excessive liquidity.
China celebrates successful launch of its 2nd lunar probe
Chang'e-2
China on Monday held a celebration rally to mark the successful launch of the
nation's 2nd lunar probe Chang'e-2.
China's banking regulator vows to improve county-level financial
services
China's banking regulator will strengthen county-level financial services by
expanding capital- raising channels and promoting financial innovation in order
to support economic development, a senior official said Sunday.
The mainland's delegation departs for 6th cross-Strait talk
The mainland's delegation to the sixth cross-Strait talk, led by the ARATS
president Chen Yunlin, left here Monday morning for Taipei.
China Focus: China seeks to add more value to domestic products
through innovation
In the period of China's 11th Five- Year Plan (2006-2010), Chinese companies
have been striving to raise the added value of their products by making
independent technological innovations.
Hong Kong stocks open 0.03 pct lower
Hong Kong stocks moved down 6.42 points, or 0.03 percent to open at 22,708.43 on
Monday.
Mainland, Hong Kong to launch joint post-doctoral research
program
The Chinese mainland and Hong Kong on Sunday signed an agreement for a five-year
program that will give mainland post-doctoral scholars the chance to participate
in research projects in Hong Kong universities.
1st LD: China celebrates successful launch of its 2nd lunar probe
Chang'e-2
China on Monday held a celebration rally to mark the successful launch of the
nation's 2nd lunar probe Chang'e-2.
Hong Kong airport traffic continues to expand in November
Boosted by continually strong demand, passenger and cargo throughput in November
at the Hong Kong International Airport posted year-on-year increases of 8.1
percent and 7.1 percent, growing to 4.1 million and 368,000 tons respectively,
the city's Airport Authority said Sunday in a statement.
China's lottery sales for Nov. up 37 percent: figures
China's lottery sales for November rose 36.9 percent year on year to 16.02
billion yuan (2.4 billion U.S. dollars), the Ministry of Finance (MOF) announced
Monday.
Hong Kong Housing Authority to spend 42.4 mln USD to enhance
accessibility
Hong Kong's Housing Authority will carry out works at a total cost of about 330
million HK dollars (42.4 million U.S. dollars) to improve accessibility in old
public housing estates, to meet requirements laid down in Design Manual: Barrier
Free Access 2008, the Housing Authority said Sunday in a statement.
China Economic News in Brief: Shandong farm produce; Fujian trade
with Taiwan;Beijing  investment;Guangdong CFL exports;Henan
textiles
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
China probes another suspected death in detention
Prosecutors in an east China city are probing the sudden death of an inmate who
was in police custody for less than a month, after his family claimed he might
have been beaten, the local authorities said Sunday.
Chinese shares slid 2.84 percent at midday Monday
China's stocks closed 2.84 percent lower in the morning trading session Monday
with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 82.21 points to 2,811.53
points.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 19
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 19:
URGENT: Mainland negotiators arrive in Taipei for new round of
cross-Strait talks
A delegation headed by the Chinese mainland' s chief negotiator on cross-Strait
affairs Chen Yunlin arrived here Monday for a new round of talks with Taiwan, at
which the two sides are expected to reach a medical and health cooperation
agreement.
Thirteen fishermen heading home after boat found in South China
Sea
Thirteen Chinese fishermen who were lost on their wooden-hulled vessel in the
South China Sea are being towed back to shore after being found on Sunday.
1st Ld: Mainland negotiators arrive in Taipei for new round of
cross-Strait talks
A delegation headed by the Chinese mainland' s chief negotiator on cross-Strait
affairs Chen Yunlin arrived here Monday for a new round of talks with Taiwan, at
which the two sides are expected to reach a medical and health cooperation
agreement.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.99 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved down 224.69 points, or 0.99 percent to close Monday's
morning session at 22,490.16 points.
Chinese Premier back to Beijing after India, Pakistan visits
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao returned to Beijing on Monday after his official
visits to India and Pakistan.
RPT:Chinese Premier back to Beijing after India, Pakistan visits
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao returned to Beijing on Sunday after his official
visits to India and Pakistan.
Top political advisor urges efforts to promote industrialization,
urbanization, agricultural  modernization
Top Chinese political advisor Jia Qinglin urged more efforts be made to promote
industrialization, urbanization and agricultural modernization to achieve steady
and fast economic development while maintaining social stability.
Families of victims in C. China fireworks explosion get gov't
relief fund
Families of the victims of a fireworks explosion on Friday in central China's
Hunan Province, which killed nine people and injured nine, have each received
2,000 yuan(about 300 U.S.dollars) in relief funds from the local government, a
spokesman said Sunday.
Death toll in C. China fireworks explosion rises to 12
The death toll in a fireworks blast in central China' s Hunan Province rose from
an earlier announced nine to 12 after DNA tests results were completed , local
authorities said Sunday night.
Saudi plans to spend 154 bln dollars in 2011 budget
Saudi Arabia, the world's largest oil crude exporter, announced Monday it plans
to spend 580 billion Saudi riyals (154.7 U.S. dollars) in its 2011 budget.
1st LD: Israeli war jets strike Gaza Strip, two injured
At least two Gaza militants were injured on Monday night after Israeli warplanes
struck two targets in southern and northern Gaza Strip, medics and witnesses
said.
Qatari Emir arrives in Tehran for talks
Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani and his delegation arrived in
Tehran on Monday for an official day-long visit, the local satellite Press TV
reported.
Urgent: Maliki's announcement of new cabinet delayed
The announcement of Iraqi Prime Minister-designate scheduled for Monday was
delayed until Wednesday, an official said.
Urgent: Iran hangs 11 Jundallah rebels: report
Iran hanged 11 Sunni Jundallah rebels in the country's southeastern Sistan-
Balouchestan province on Monday, the semi-official Fars news agency reported.
1st LD: Maliki's announcement of new cabinet delayed
The announcement of Iraqi Prime Minister-designate cabinet scheduled Monday was
delayed until Wednesday, official said.
1st LD: Iran hangs 11 Jundallah rebels: report
Iran hanged 11 Sunni Jundallah rebels in the country's southeastern Sistan-
Balouchestan province on Monday, the semi-official Fars news agency reported.
Iran says sanctions not to impede subsidy reform: MP
An Iranian lawmaker said anti-Iran sanctions cannot impede the implementation of
the subsidy reform plan which started on Sunday in the country, the local
English language Press TV reported on Monday.
2nd LD Writethru: Maliki likely to announce part of new Iraqi
cabinet on Monday: official
Iraqi Prime Minister-designate Nuri al-Maliki will reveal part of his new
cabinet Monday afternoon, after officials said the announcement has been delayed
until Wednesday, Maliki's advisor said.
Yearender: 2010 sees Mideast peace process stuck in loop
by Yuan Zhenyu, Adam Gonn, Hao Fangjia
US lacks new offers to achieve Mideast peace: PLO official
A senior Palestinian official on Monday said Washington has nothing new to
revive peace talks in the region.
Palestinian official says Fatah not keen in close ties with Syria
A senior official of the Popular Front for Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) said
here Sunday the Palestinian Fatah movement is not keen in boosting relations
with Syria.
Al-Bashir pledges to conduct south Sudan referendum on time
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on Monday reiterated his commitment to conduct
south Sudan referendum as scheduled on Jan. 9, 2011, stressing the importance
that it is free, credible and transparent.
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,352 points on
Monday, dropping by three points from Sunday's finish.
Israel to deploy new armor defenses along Gaza border
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) is set to deploy tanks fitted with a new active
armor protection system along the Gaza Strip, a move which comes in the wake of
intelligence assessments indicating a rising threat of anti-tank missile attacks
by militant groups.
Abbas says peace talks should lead to independent Palestinian
state
Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Monday that
negotiations with Israel should result in an independent Palestinian state with
East Jerusalem as its capital.
US to grant 75 mln dollars to Lebanese public education
The United States will grant 75 million U.S. dollars to Lebanon's public
education within five years, Lebanese prime minister's press office said in a
statement on Monday.
Yearender: Palestinians hope for more fulfilling year of peace
process, reconciliation
by Osma Radi, Emad Drimly, Saud Abu Ramadan
Egypt uncovers Israeli spy network
The Egyptian security uncovered on Monday an Israeli spy network includes two
Israelis and an Egyptian businessman spying over Egypt's internal relations.
PLO official: any deal with Israel won't succeed without refugees
An official from the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) said on Monday that
any future deal with Israel will not succeed if it dropped Palestinian refugees'
rights of return.
Urgent: Iranian leader calls ruling by STL "null", "void"
Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Monday that any ruling by the
U.S.-sponsored Special Tribunal for Lebanon (STL) is null and void, the local
English language satellite Press TV reported.
1st LD: Iranian leader calls ruling by STL "null", "void"
Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Monday that any ruling by the
U.S.-sponsored Special Tribunal for Lebanon (STL) is "null and void," the local
English language satellite Press TV reported.
Gaza power plant to run on smuggled diesel
Palestinian technicians succeeded to operate one turbine of Gaza's only power
plant on diesel smuggled from Egypt to overcome fuel shortage, a Hamas minister
said Monday.
Sudanese president affirms desire to stop conflicts in Africa
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on Monday reiterated his country's desire to
stop armed conflicts and achieve peace in the African continent.
Iraqi security forces kill three possible suicide bombers
The Iraqi security forces have killed three Libyans who were allegedly planing
to carry out suicide bomb attacks in the city of Mosul, the capital of Nineveh
province, a provincial police source said.
Israel lagging below average in computer education: OECD
A just-released report by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
Development on Israel's educational system placed the country in 49th out of 64
places in the ratio of computers to students, according to local news service
Ynet.
Roundup: Saudi Arabian stock exchange extends year-end rally
The Tadawul market, the local stock exchange in Saudi Arabia, added 0.28 percent
Monday, despite weak input from Asian markets.
2nd LD: Iranian leader calls ruling by STL "null", "void"
Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Monday that any ruling by the
U.S.-sponsored Special Tribunal for Lebanon (STL) is "null and void," the local
English language satellite Press TV reported.
Iran's leader warns of insecurity in region
Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Monday warned against any
attempt to destabilize security in the Persian Gulf region.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,074.22 points on
Monday, up 4.46 points from Sunday's close. The turnover was 1.61 billion
shekels (about 446 million U.S. dollars).
Turkey seizes large amount of hashish
More than 300 kg of hashish was seized in anti-drug operations in Turkey on
Monday, the semi- official Anatolia news agency reported.
UNRWA launches campaign to raise awareness of MDGs in Jordan
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) for Palestine Refugees in the
Near East on Monday launched a campaign in the Jordanian capital of Amman to
help achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
Roundup: Iran, Qatar call for unity, cooperation among Muslim
states in face of threats
Iranian high-ranking officials and the visiting Qatari emir called for unity and
further cooperation among Muslim countries in the face of threats "hatched in
the region."
Bulgarian PM visits Lebanon to strengthen ties
Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borisov arrived in Beirut on Monday afternoon,
kicking off his two- day official visit to Lebanon.
Israeli leaders in row over new banknote
Different opinions on historic figures worthy of appearing on Israel's new
currency, due to be issued in 2011, has reportedly led to tensions between
Israeli Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz and Central Bank Commissioner Stanley
Fischer.
1st LD: ISC says 6.5 magnitude quake hits southeastern Iran
An earthquake of 6.5 magnitude hit Iran's southeastern city of Hosein Abad in
Kerman  province on Monday, the Iranian Seismological Center (ISC) said on its
website.
Turkey concerned about U.S. congresswoman's Armenia initiative
Turkey said Monday that it was concerned about a U.S. congresswoman's plan to
bring a resolution over the killings of Armenians under Ottoman rule to the
agenda of the House of Representatives, local media reported.
Sudan, Mauritania underline free, credible, transparent south
Sudan referendum
Sudan and Mauritania Monday issued a joint communique underlining importance in
conducting south Sudan referendum in free, credible and transparent atmosphere,
away from any pressure and in a manner that ensures expression of the real will
of the south Sudanese citizens.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 20
Iran hanged 11 Sunni Jundallah rebels in the country' s southeastern Sistan-
Balouchestan province on Monday, the semi- official Fars news agency reported.
Israeli war jets strike southern Gaza
Israeli war jets on Monday night struck a military base belonging to the Islamic
Hamas movement in southern Gaza Strip, witnesses and local security sources
said.
Dozens of Australian sailors accused of running drug ring
The Australian Defense Force (ADF) confirmed on Tuesday it was probing
allegations against Navy personnel in Sydney, following reports of an alleged
drug trafficking ring.
Dollar at upper 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 83 yen level early Tuesday in Tokyo.
Australia's Queensland could lose 40,000 jobs by mid 2011: report
The Queensland state of Australia could lose almost 40,000 construction and
retail jobs by mid 2011 as the effects of economic stimulus measures wear off,
the Urban Development Institute of Australia (UDIA) warned on Tuesday.
Nepali gov't opposes UCPN-M proposal on UN mission's extension
Nepali government has rejected the proposal of the main opposition Unified
Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) (UCPN-M) to seek extension of United Nations
Mission in Nepal (UNMIN)'s term till May 28, 2011.
Japanese PM pledges efforts to advance Japan-China strategic
relations
Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said that he is committed to promoting Japan-
China strategic and mutually beneficial relations.
Philippine president unveils military internal peace security
plan
Philippine President Benigno Aquino III disclosed Tuesday the new internal peace
security plan of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, which called for
cooperation of the entire country.
Tonga new prime minister elected
Tu'ivakano was elected Tonga's new prime minister on Tuesday after winning 14
votes in the 26- member parliament.
Weak Australian consumer sentiment prevents central bank's rate
hikes
The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) would not lift the cash rate significantly
in 2011 if consumer sentiment continues to be weak, said economists on Tuesday.
Dollar at upper 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 83 yen level after briefly dipping into the
mid-83 yen range Tuesday morning in Tokyo.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,925.76 points Tuesday 36.88 points
higher from previous close of 19,888.88 points on rises of world bourses.
Singapore office vacancy rates in CBD expected to rise next year
Singapore's office vacancy rates in the central business district (CBD) are
expected to rise next year as space vacated in older office blocks returns to
the market, with occupiers moving into new developments.
Australian Customs intercepts 2 suspected asylum seeker boats off
Christmas Island
Australian Customs on Tuesday confirmed they have intercepted two suspected
asylum seeker boats off Christmas Island in 24 hours.
Naval drug allegations taken seriously: Australian home minister
Allegations of drug trafficking by sailors at the Garden Island naval base on
Sydney Harbor were being taken very seriously, Australian Home Affairs Minister
Brendan O'Connor said on Tuesday.
Yearender: 2010 sees political turbulence for Japan's ruling DPJ
In the two decades since Japan's economic bubble famously burst, Japan has had
no fewer than 14 prime ministers. And, since Liberal Democratic Party (LDP)
leader Junichiro Koizumi quit in 2006, each Japanese leader has averaged less
than 12 months in office.
Roundup: Philippine stocks end higher on bargain hunting
By Kristine Jane R. Liu
Interview: Obstacles of investing in Indonesia wrote off by big
market, opportunity
By Cundoko Aprilianto
Urgent: Alleged artillery fire on Yeonpyeong Island remain
unconfirmed: Seoul's Defense Ministry
Alleged artillery fire on a border island in waters off the west coast of the
Korean peninsula remained unconfirmed, South Korea's Ministry of National
Defense said Monday.
1st LD Writethru: Alleged artillery fire on Yeonpyeong Island
remain unconfirmed: Seoul's Defense Ministry
Alleged artillery fire on a border island in waters off the west coast of the
Korean peninsula remained unconfirmed, South Korea's Ministry of National
Defense said Monday.
Urgent: S. Korea stages firing drill from island shelled by DPRK
South Korea begun Monday a firing drill from a western border island shelled
last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) despite the
latter' s repeated vows of counterattack, Seoul's YTN television said.
Feature: China donates 8 mobile clinics to Philippines
By Liu Peng
1st LD: S. Korea begins live-fire artillery drill in waters near
Yeonpyeong Island: Defense Ministry
South Korea begun Monday a live- firing drill from a western border island
shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) despite
the latter's repeated vows of counterattack, the Joint Chiefs of Staff in Seoul
said.
2nd LD Writethru: S. Korea stages firing drill from island
shelled by DPRK: JCS
South Korea begun Monday a live- firing drill from a western border island
shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) despite
the latter's repeated vows of counterattack, the Joint Chiefs of Staff in Seoul
said.
Urgent: At least 10 killed, 8 injured when tour bus overturns in
Malaysia
At least 10 people were killed and 8 injured when a tour bus overturned in
eastern Malaysian Pahang state.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 20
SEOUL - An additional case of foot-and-mouth disease has been confirmed Monday
in Goyang City, near Seoul,aggravating fears that quarantine efforts have failed
to prevent spread of the highly contagious viral disease affecting cloven-hoofed
animals.
1st LD: At least 10 killed, 8 injured when tour bus overturns in
Malaysia
At least 10 were killed when a tour bus hit the road divider and overturned
Monday morning here in Perak, a northern state in the west coast of Peninsula
Malaysia, leaving at least eight others injured.
2nd LD Writethru: At least 10 killed, 8 injured when tour bus
overturns in Malaysia
At least 10 were killed when a tour bus hit the road divider and overturned
Monday morning here in Perak, a northern state in the west coast of Peninsula
Malaysia, leaving at least eight others injured.
Indonesia likely to miss inflation target this year
JAKARTA, Dec. 12 (Xinhua) - The Indonesian government said it will be difficult
to meet this year's inflation target of 5.3 percent, explaining that extreme
weather had resulted in soaring food prices, the Jakarta Post reported on
Monday.
3rd LD Writethru: At least 10 killed, 8 injured in Thai tour bus
overturns in Malaysia
At least 10 were killed when a tour bus hit the road divider and overturned
Monday morning here in Perak, a northern state in the west coast of Peninsula
Malaysia, leaving at least eight others injured.
4th LD Writethru: S. Korea begins live-fire artillery drill in
waters near Yeonpyeong Island
South Korea begun Monday a live-firing drill from a western border island
despite Pyongyang's repeated vows of counterattack, the Joint Chiefs of Staff
(JCS) in Seoul said.
Cambodian PM meets Thai foreign minister
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said on Monday that the relations between
Cambodia and Thailand now was just like a clear sky after raining.
URGENT: S. Korea wraps up live-fire drill in Yellow Sea
South Korea on Monday wrapped up its live-fire drill from a western border
island shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK),
local media reported.
1st LD: S. Korea wraps up live-fire drill: media
South Korea on Monday wrapped up live- fire artillery drill from a western
border island shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK), local media reported.
Indonesia earns major benefits, leverage in Cancun environmental
summit: minister
Indonesian Environmental Affairs Minister Gusti M. Hatta said on Monday that
Indonesia gained significant benefits and progress that would  help the country
in dealing with climate change issue in the recent world's environment summit
held in Cancun, Mexico.
2nd LD: S. Korea wraps up live-fire drill: Defense Ministry
South Korea on Monday wrapped up live- fire artillery drill from a western
border island shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK), the defense ministry said in Seoul.
Death toll from Sunday blaze in N Philippine rises to 16
The death toll from Sunday blaze that gobbled up two buildings in the northern
Philippine province of Cagayan rose to 16, the local media reported  Monday.
3rd LD Writethru: S. Korea wraps up live-fire drill: Defense
Ministry
South Korea on Monday wrapped up its live-fire artillery drill from a western
border island shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK), the defense ministry said in Seoul.
Japan's department store sales fall 0.5 pct on year in November
Japan's department store sales dropped 0.5 percent from a year earlier in
November on a same- store- bases, marking the first year-on-year decline in two
months, following the industries' first rise in 32 months in October, the Japan
Department Stores Association said Monday.
Thai army chief not worried by anti-govt red-shirt rally plan
Thai army chief said on Monday he is not worried by the anti-government red-
shirts' plan to continue with regular rallies next year, Bangkok Post online
reported.
4th LD Writethru: At least 26 killed, 15 injured when tour bus
overturns in Malaysia
At least 26 were killed when a tour bus hit the road divider and overturned
Monday morning here in Perak, a northern state in the west coast of Peninsula
Malaysia.
Vietnam's seafood exports increase in first 11 months
Vietnam's seafood export value in the first eleven months reached 4.55 billion
U.S dollars, registering 16.3 percent year-on-year increase, according to the
Vietnam's General Statistics Office on Monday.
Sri Lankan crew on pirate-seized ship to return home
Some 13 members of the Sri Lankan crew in the pirate-attacked Saudi Arabian oil
tanker are to reach home this week, officials here said on Monday.
4th LD Writethru: S. Korea wraps up live-fire drill, tension
remains
Tension lingers on the Korean peninsula after South Korea on Monday wrapped up
its live-fire artillery drill from a western border island shelled last month by
the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
No troop withdrawal from Preah Vihear temple: Thai army chief
Thai army chief Gen Prayuth Chan- ocha on Monday denied reports saying that Thai
and Cambodian troops have agreed to withdraw their troops from the border areas
surrounding the disputed ancient Preah Vihear temple.
S. Korea to set up volunteer civil defense corps amid continuing
tensions
South Korea will set up a new civil defense corps next year composed of
volunteers amid continuing heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula, the
Ministry of Public Administration and Security said Monday.
5th LD Writethru: At least 27 killed, 15 injured when tour bus
overturns in Malaysia
At least 27 people were killed when a tour bus hit the road divider and
overturned on Monday morning here in Perak, a northern state in the west coast
of Peninsula Malaysia.
(Recast) 5th LD Writethru: At least 27 killed, 10 injured when
tour bus overturns in Malaysia
At least 27 people were killed when a tour bus hit the road divider and
overturned on Monday morning here in Perak, a northern state in the west coast
of Peninsula Malaysia.
Urgent: 2 killed in training aircraft crash in Bangladesh
Two pilots were killed on Monday when a training aircraft crashed in
Bangladesh's Barisal district, 169 km south of capital Dhaka, administration
chief of Barisal district SM Arifur Rahman confirmed to Xinhua.
Roundup: S. Korean shares close lower on live-fire artillery
drill
Seoul shares slipped Monday amid heightened tensions triggered by the country's
live-fire artillery drill, local analysts said.
Singapore research institutes join efforts to develop sensing
technology
Singapore's Institute of Microelectronics (IME) and semiconductor foundry
GLOBALFOUNDRIES on Monday collaborated to develop Micro Electro Mechanical
Systems (MEMS) capacitive sensor platform technology for power- efficient and
highly sensitive motion sensing applications.
Singapore shares end 0.64 pct lower
The shares prices in Singapore fell 20.05 points, or 0.64 percent on Monday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,132.96 points.
Vietnam, S. Korea to strengthen energy, mineral mining
cooperation
Vietnam and South Korea will further promote cooperation in energy and mineral
mining, according to the 7 th meeting of Vietnam and the Republic of Korea (ROK)
cooperation sub-committee held here on Monday.
1st LD Writethru: 2 killed in training aircraft crash in
Bangladesh
Two pilots were killed on Monday when a training aircraft from Bangladesh Air
Force (BAF) crashed in Bangladesh's Barisal district, 169 km south of capital
Dhaka.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 20
Japan's department store sales dropped 0.5 percent from a year earlier in
November on a same-store-bases, marking the first year-on-year decline in two
months,following the industries' first rise in 32 months in October, the Japan
Department Stores Association said Monday.
Thai deputy PM says emergency decree to be lifted before new year
Thai Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban said on Monday the government will
proceed with its plan to lift the emergency in Bangkok and surrounding provinces
before year-end, Thai media reported.
Cambodia frees three Thais after Thai foreign minister's visit
Three Thais who have been jailed in Cambodia for trespassing into the country
are being freed, Thai Foreign Minister Kasit Piromya said on Monday.
Roundup: 27 killed, 10 injured when tour bus overturns in
Malaysia
A total of 27 people have been killed while 10 others injured when a tour bus
hit the road divider and overturned Monday morning here in Perak, a northern
state in the west coast of Peninsula Malaysia.
7 school children killed in road mishap in northern India
At least seven school children were killed and several others sustained injuries
when the bus in which they were traveling turned turtle in the northern Indian
state of Uttar Pradesh Monday, said police.
Afghan troops kill 15 militants in northern province
Afghan forces backed up by NATO air support killed 15 Taliban militants in the
northern Kunduz province on Monday, provincial police chief Abdul Rahman
Syedkhili said.
Indonesian investment doubles in 2010
Indonesia's investment reached over 200 trillion rupiah (some 22.2 billion U.S.
dollar) in 2010, higher from that of last year of about 100 trillion rupiah
(some 11.1 billion U.S. dollar),  Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono
said Monday.
Bangladesh's trade deficit balloons to 1.29 billion USD
Bangladesh's overall trade deficit widened to 1.288 billion U.S. dollars in
July-September period of the current 2010-11 fiscal year (July 2010-June 2011)
amid sharp rise in imports, official statistics showed on Monday.
Two Cambodians killed, 6 injured by landmine explosion
An anti-tank landmine explosion killed two people and injured six others in a
remote village in Cambodia's Battambang province, a former fighting zone, police
said Monday.
Indonesia to step up strategy to fight corruption
The Indonesian government would improve the strategy of combatting rampant
corruption as part of efforts to boost investment climate to lure more foreign
investment, a minister said on Monday.
Philippine president orders probe into deadly hotel fire
Philippine President Benigno Aquino III said Monday that he was very "vexed" by
details of the fire that razed a hotel in the northern Philippine city of
Tuguegarao that killed 15 people.
Indian PM says food security, compulsary education top agenda
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Monday that his government was
determined to formulate a national food security act to ensure that no citizen
goes hungry, reported the Indo-Asian News Service.
UCPN-M proposes extension of UNMIN term in Nepal
The Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) (UCPN-M) Monday proposed to extend
the term of United Nations Mission in Nepal (UNMIN) until the formation of the
constitution, while the Nepal Congress (NC) and Communist Party Nepal-Unified
Marxist Leninist (CPN-UML) rejected it.
Myanmar int'l airline to extend more air routes
The Myanmar Airways International ( MAI) is planning to extend three more new
air routes this month to link Guangzhou, Siem Reap and Macao to facilitate
passengers traveling in the region, the local weekly Voice reported Monday.
Chinese language press leaders meet in Malaysia
The 43rd Convention of the World Chinese Language Press Institute was opened
here in Penang, a northern state in the west coast of Peninsula Malaysia, on
Monday.
Afghan gov't welcomes U.S. review of Afghan war, calls for more
protection of civilians
The chief spokesman of Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Monday said his country
welcomes the recent review of the war unveiled by U.S. President Barack Obama
but called for more protection of the civilians in the country.
Rockets hit two NATO tankers in Pakistan
Suspected militants in a Pakistani tribal region Monday fired rockets at tankers
carrying oil for NATO troops in the neighboring Afghanistan, witnesses and
official sources said.
2nd LD Writethru: 2 pilots killed in air crash in Bangladesh
Two pilots were killed on Monday when a training aircraft from the Bangladesh
Air Force (BAF) crashed in Bangladesh's Barisal district, 169 km south of
capital Dhaka.
Wanted Taliban commander killed in U.S drone strike in Pakistan
One of the most wanted Pakistani Taliban commander was killed in a recent U.S.
drone strike in the country's tribal area, local Urdu TV channel Geo reported on
Monday.
Indian stocks close up 0.12 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 24.03 points or 0.12 percent Monday
despite tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
Fine quality of Myanmar's garment products bring more new orders
The fine quality of the Myanmar's garment products have brought more new orders
from abroad with Germany standing the first prospective foreign buyer for 2011,
the local Messenger weekly journal reported Monday.
Two of seven Bangladeshi kidnapped in Afghanistan released
Two of seven Bangladeshi construction workers who were kidnapped by Afghan
miscreants in northern Afghanistan Friday night, were released Sunday, the
Bangladeshi Foreign Ministry said in a release on Monday.
9 militants killed in E. Afghanistan
The governor of Afghanistan's eastern Kunar province was unhurt in a Taliban
ambush but security forces returned fire and killed nine militants on Monday,
provincial police chief Khalilullah Ziae said.
Roundup: Nepal, China sign MoU for promotion of trade
A Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU) has been signed between the Confederation
of Nepali Industries (CNI) and China Council for Promotion of International
Trade (CCPTI) in Nepali capital Kathmandu Monday afternoon.
Tourist arrivals in Myanmar increase in first 11 months of 2010
The number of tourist arrivals in Myanmar through the Yangon International
Airport reached 259,458 in the first 11 months of 2010, a local weekly reported
on Monday.
Sri Lankan opposition faults foreign policy for UN panel visit
Sri Lankan opposition parties on Monday blamed the government's foreign policy
blunders which resulted in the appointment and the proposed visit of the special
UN panel on the country.
Roundup: KSE surges past 11,800 after long weekend
by Jawad Hussain
Thai army chief visits Cambodia to seek better relationship
between two countries
Thai army chief Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha promised on Monday afternoon that his
government won't allow any group to use Thai territory to mistreat Cambodia.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 20
Three Thais who have been jailed in Cambodia for trespassing into the country
are being freed, Thai Foreign Minister Kasit Piromya said on Monday.
Japan's crude steel output slumps 5.5 pct on year in Nov.
Japan's crude steel production fell 5.5 percent in November from a year earlier,
the Japan Iron and Steel Federation said in a report on Monday.
Malaysia's Penang State can become aviation hub: PM
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that the Penang International Airport
located in the northern Penang State in Peninsula Malaysia could become a major
aviation hub after it was upgraded.
Zambian mine reduces sulphur emissions by 55 pct
One of Zambia's mining firms says it has managed to reduce its sulphur-dioxide
emissions by 55 percent to mitigate the environmental degradation in some
residential areas near the mine, the Zambia Daily Mail reported on Monday.
Mali's 2011 budget tops 2.65 bln USD
Mali's 2011 budget which is currently under examination before parliament will
hit 1,326 billion FCFA (2.65 billion U.S. dollars), with revenue collections
estimated at 1,184 billion FCFA (2.37 billion dollars), according to official
sources.
Mauritanian president visits Sudan
Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz left Nouakchott on Sunday for
Khartoum on an official visit to Sudan at the invitation by his  Sudanese
counterpart Omar el Bashir, according to the government.
Roundup: South Africa flood renders thousands homeless
by Amy Jephta
Somali gov't officials downplay insurgent merger
Somali government officials on Monday downplayed the merger between two Islamist
rebel groups in the war-torn country.
Nigerian president gets southwest support
The southwest national delegates of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in
Nigeria has promised to vote for President Goodluck Jonathan in the 2011
presidential primary of the party.
Nigerian electoral body calls on women to register to vote
The Nigerian Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has called on
traditional rulers to prevail on their subjects to allow their wives and
daughters aged 18 years and above to register to vote in 2011.
South African president's approval rating goes up
South African President Jacob Zuma's approval rating rose in November, according
to a poll released in Johannesburg on Monday.
South Africa to miss deadline for EU trade terms deal
South Africa and neighboring countries will miss the deadline to conclude an
economic partnership agreement (EPA) with the European Union (EU) by the end of
the year, Business Day newspaper in Johannesburg reported on Monday.
Feature: South African swimmer to challenge shark infested waters
for charity
by Melody Brandon
World Bank president asks Cote d'Ivoir's Gbagbo to hand over
power
World Bank President Robert B. Zoellick on Sunday evening asked Cote d'Ivoire
incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to respect the election results and hand over power.
Urgent: Somali pirates hijack UAE-owned ship northeast of
Seychelles
Somali pirates on Monday hijacked United Arab Emirates (UAE)-owned ship with
unknown number of crew members northeast of the Seychelles, EU anti-piracy
mission said.
1st LD Writethru: Somali pirates hijack UAE-owned ship off
Seychelles
Somali pirates on Monday hijacked United Arab Emirates (UAE)-owned ship with
unknown number of crew members northeast of the Seychelles, EU anti-piracy
mission said.
Compaore inaugurated after re-elected as Burkina Faso president
The presidential inauguration was held here on Monday to mark Blaise Compaore's
re-election as the head of state in the West African country.
Six gov't soldiers die in a roadside bomb blast in Somali capital
Six Somali government forces died on Monday after a roadside bomb they removed
exploded on them as they carried in car in Mogadishu, witnesses and officials
said.
Yearender: Decade-old China-Africa Cooperation Forum yields
abundant fruits (Part I)
by Guo Qian
Yearender: Decade-old China-Africa Cooperation Forum yields
abundant fruits (Part II)
CLOSER CULTURAL EXCHANGES
Urgent: Scores feared dead as bus explodes in Kenya's capital
Nairobi: local media
Scores were feared dead as a bus exploded in Kenya's capital Nairobi, the
country's daily newspaper NATION said on its website on Monday.
1st LD: At least 1 killed, dozens injured in grenade attacks in
Kenya
At least one person was confirmed dead while 26 others were seriously injured in
grenade attacks on a passenger bus in Nairobi's central business district on
Monday evening.
2nd LD: At least 1 killed, dozens injured in grenade attacks in
Kenya
At least one person was confirmed dead and 26 others were seriously injured in
grenade attacks on a passenger bus in Nairobi's central business district on
Monday evening.
Snow disrupts passengers flow in Germany
Overnight snow from Sunday to Monday morning stopped large numbers of passengers
on the way, with many flights and trains delayed or canceled.
Russian stocks close lower
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed on Monday with both key indexes lower.
EU vows to clear cross-border tax obstacles
The European Union (EU) on Monday vowed to clear various cross-border tax
obstacles with a number of initiatives to be launched from 2011.
Tests show carcinogen widespread in U.S. tap water
Millions of Americans are drinking water contaminated with the carcinogenic
chemical that came to national attention in the 2000 feature film Erin
Brockovich, the nongovernmental Environmental Working Group (EWG) said on Monday
in a report.
U.S. stocks near breakeven line
The U.S. stocks pared early gains on Monday, with major indexes wrestling with
the breakeven line, as the enthusiasm about an extended tax cut package faded.
Former Ukrainian PM in criminal probe
Charges were filed against former Ukrainian prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko on
Monday over alleged misuse of state funds during her tenure from 2007 to 2010,
Tymoshenko's spokeswoman said in a statement.
Urgent: Kyrgyzstan's new government established
Kyrgyz President Roza Otunbayeva announced on Monday a new government structure
at the first government meeting, opening a new era for the precarious nation.
Berbatov named Bulgaria's best footballer of 2010
Manchester United striker Dimitar Berbatov won on Monday the 50th "Best
Bulgarian Football Player of The Year" standing for the seventh time, beating
his own record.
London stock market closes slightly higher
The London stock market closed slightly higher on Monday, with the leading FTSE
100 index up 19. 86 points, or 0.34 percent, at 5,891.61 points.
Urgent: UN security council extends peacekeeping force mandate in
Cote d'Ivoire
The UN Security Council on Monday extended the mandate of the UN peacekeeping
force in Cote d'Ivoire for six months amid international concern over the
situation in the country after the Nov. 28 presidential election.
Violent crimes in U.S. drop 6.2 percent in first half of 2010:
FBI
The number of violent crimes in the United States continued to drop in the first
six months of 2010, a new FBI report shows.
Urgent: China strongly urges both sides of Korean Peninsula to
solve issues through peaceful dialogue
China strongly urges both sides of the Korean Peninsula to keep calm and
restraint, solve issues through peaceful dialogue and engagement, China's deputy
permanent representative to the United Nations Wang Min said here Monday.
1st Ld-Writethru: UN Security Council extends peacekeeping force
mandate in Cote d'Ivoire
The UN Security Council on Monday unanimously adopted a resolution renewing the
mandate of the UN Operation in Cote d'Ivoire (UNOCI) for six months, amid
increasing political instability within the West African country.
1st LD: China strongly urges both sides of Korean Peninsula to
solve issues through peaceful dialogue
China strongly urges both sides of the Korean Peninsula to keep calm and
restraint, solve issues through peaceful dialogue and engagement, China's deputy
permanent representative to the United Nations Wang Min said here Monday.
Russia calls for dialogue between DPRK and ROK
Russia is concerned about rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula and hopes that
the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) and the Republic of Korea's
(ROK) will resume dialogue, Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on
Monday.
2nd LD-Writethru: China strongly urges both sides of Korean
Peninsula to solve issues through peaceful dialogue
China strongly urges both sides of the Korean Peninsula to keep calm and
restraint, solve issues through peaceful dialogue and engagement, China's deputy
permanent representative to the United Nations Wang Min said here Monday.
Feature: Snow plays havoc with Christmas revelers in France
by Sonia Ounissi
Eurozone consumer confidence drops in December
Flash consumer confidence for the euro area dropped in December after six months
of improvement, the European Commission said on Monday.
Russia considers new START treaty unchangeable
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Monday told local media that the new
Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START) is unchangeable, saying the new treaty
will promote strategic stability between Russia and the United States if put
into force.
U.S. EPA sued over E15 fuel approval
U.S. automakers, boat manufacturers and outdoor power equipment manufacturers
jointly filed a lawsuit on Monday seeking to overturn the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA)'s decision to allow a higher blend of ethanol in newer
vehicles.
Urgent: Magnitude-6.3 earthquake hits southeastern Iran -- USGS
An earthquake measuring 6.3 on the Richter scale jolted southeastern Iran on
Monday, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said on its website.
1st LD Writethru: Magnitude-6.3 earthquake hits southeastern Iran
-- USGS
An earthquake measuring 6.3 on the Richter scale jolted southeastern Iran on
Monday, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said on its website.
Swedish PM gives Christmas speech vowing to safeguard society
Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt Monday vowed to safeguard the country
in light of the recent suicide bomb attack in central Stockholm which he said
had threatened the Swedish society of multiplicity.
White House urges Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo to step down
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs on Monday urged Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent
President Laurent Gbagbo to step down.
UN Security Council calls for "maximum restraint" in Cote
d'Ivoire
The UN Security Council on Monday urged all Ivorian stakeholders to exercise
"maximum restraint," as the political situation in Cote d'Ivoire continues to
deteriorate.
Eto'o named African Footballer of the Year
Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o was named African Footballer of the Year for the
fourth time at the annual CAF awards ceremony in Cairo on Monday.
Urgent: Gold picks up on concerns over Korean Peninsula tensions,
European debt
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange gained on
Monday, as tensions on the Korean Peninsula and European debt concerns continued
to bolster the metal as a safe-haven investment. Silver also inched up in the
day.
U.S. scientists take plasmon lasers out of deep freeze
U.S. scientists have developed a new technique that allows plasmon lasers to
operate at room temperature, overcoming a major barrier to practical utilization
of the technology, the American Association for the Advancement of Science
(AAAS) reported on Monday.
South African soccer clubs face discipline
Two of South Africa's most popular football clubs, Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando
Pirates, are to be hauled before the disciplinary committee this week.
Finland's economy sees rapid recovery in 2010: report
Finland's economy has seen a rapid recovery in 2010 with a 3.2 percent growth,
up from 2.1 percent in a September forecast, the Finnish Finance Ministry said
in an economic bulletin released on Monday.
Haiti, Cote d'Ivoire, Sudan remain high in UN priorities, says
official
Susana Malcorra, the UN under-secretary-general for the Department of Field
Support (DFS), said here on Monday that the electoral processes of Haiti, Cote
d' Ivoire and the preparation for Sudan's referenda remain "high in our
priorities."
Urgent: Oil rises to near 89 dollars
Crude prices rose on Monday to near 89 U.S. dollars a barrel. Light, sweet crude
for January delivery rose 79 cents to 88.81 dollars a barrel on the New York
Mercantile Exchange.
New York mayor urges U.S. Senate to pass Zadroga 9/11 bill
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Monday urged the U.S. Senate to pass the
revised James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act.
Global seaborne trade falls 4.5 percent in 2009: UNCTAD
International seaborne trade contracted by 4.5 percent in 2009, while the
deliveries of new vessels in the same period grew by 42 percent, indicating a
slow recovery ahead, the United Nations Trade and Development Conference
(UNCTAD) said Monday in a report issued here.
Boeing to deliver satellite communications system to Mexico
Boeing Co. announced on Monday that it will deliver a satellite communications
system to Mexico under a one-billion-dollar contract.
UN climate change chief urges nations to act on Cancun agreements
The United Nations climate change chief on Monday called upon countries to
follow up on the recent conference in Cancun, Mexico, with higher global
emissions cuts and the rapid launch of new institutions and funds.
1st Ld-Writethru: Gold picks up on concerns over Korean
Peninsula, European debt
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange gained on
Monday, as tensions on the Korean Peninsula and European debt concerns continued
to bolster the metal as a safe-haven investment.
1st Ld-Writethru: Crude prices rise on cold weather
Crude prices rose on Monday to near 89 U.S. dollars a barrel as cold weather in
the United States and Europe raised the expectation on fuel demand.
NY governor Paterson fined $62,125 for soliciting Yankees tickets
The New York State Commission on Public Integrity announced on Monday that it
has fined New York Governor David A. Paterson 62,125 U.S. dollars for soliciting
and accepting five free tickets from the New York Yankees.
Roundup: Belgium to shift EU rotating presidency to Hungary
Belgium is set to shift a six- month rotating presidency of the European Council
to Hungary at the end of the year, with the latter vowing to promote a "strong
Europe with a human touch."
Urgent: U.S. stocks mixed with Nasdaq hitting new 2-year high
The U.S. stocks closed mixed on Monday. Nasdaq hit a new two-year high, while
Dow dropped.
Two French hostages held in Afghanistan still alive: report
Two French journalists abducted in Afghanistan near a year ago are still alive
and appear healthy, as a new video footage containing their message to family
members shows, local television channel France 3 said on Monday night.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as euro falls on downgrade fear
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Monday, as the euro was dumped due to investors' fear of further downgrading
on eurozone countries' sovereign credit rating.
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks close mixed, as Nasdaq hits new
2-year high
The U.S. stocks closed mixed on Monday after a pre-Christmas session of
lackluster trading due to the lack of economic news, but Nasdaq and S&amp;P 500
hit new two- year highs.
PSV striker Reis out for the season
PSV striker Jonathan Reis is out for the remainder of the season after suffering
a serious knee injury against Roda JC on Sunday.
Solidarity with world's less fortunate more vital than ever: UN
chief
Solidarity with those less fortunate is more important than ever, especially at
a time when the global economic crisis has pushed an estimated 64 million more
people into poverty, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said here Monday.
1st Ld-Writethru: Dollar mixed as euro falls on downgrade fear
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Monday, as the euro was dumped due to investors' fear of further downgrading
on eurozone countries' sovereign credit rating.
Gymnast Gonzalez appointed best Chilean sportsman
Chilean gymnast Tomas Gonzalez on Monday was awarded the Best Sportsman of 2010
by the Chilean Sports Journalist Group.
Belarus highly values friendly ties with China: president
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said Monday that his country highly
values the friendly relationship with China.
U.S. responds cautiously to DPRK's offer on nuclear inspection
The United States on Monday responded cautiously to the latest offer by the
Democratic People' s Republic of Korea (DPRK), which reportedly agreed to allow
the return of UN inspectors to its nuclear facility, saying it would be a
positive step but insisting the key is implementation.
Panama requests extension to avoid losing 2013 Bolivarian Games
Panama's Olympic Committee ( COP) asked the Bolivarian Sports Organziation
(Odebo) for a 15 day extension to prevent Panama from losing its position as
host of the 2013 Bolivarian Games,  the local newspaper "La Prensa" said on
Monday.
Tevez withdraws transfer request from Manchester City
Argentina striker Carlos Tevez has withdrawn his transfer request, confirmed the
Manchester City on Tuesday.
English Premier League results
Following is the English Premier League result on Monday:
California vows to lead nation in fight against tobacco
California authorities launched an anti-tobacco campaign on Monday, vowing to
lead the United States in the fight against tobacco.
Greece plans to reduce social security cost over two years
Greece on Monday announced a plan to reduce by 25 percent the social security
cost for businesses over the next two years.
Security Council calls for funding for civilian protection in
eastern Chad
The UN Security Council Monday called on member states to ensure sufficient
funding for the Chadian unit that will be responsible for protecting some 600,
000 refugees and internally displaced persons (IDPs) when the UN mission there
departs at the end of the year.
IMF sets up external review panel to assess risk management
framework
The managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Dominique
Strauss-Kahn, has appointed a high-level external panel to undertake a review of
the risk management framework employed by the IMF to manage its strategic,
financial and operational risks, the IMF said on Monday in a statement.
Venezuela sends note of protest to U.S. embassy
Venezuela on Monday sent the U.S. embassy a note of protest which voiced its
rejection at Larry Palmer's appointment as the new U.S. ambassador to Venezuela,
the Venezuelan Foreign Ministry said.
"Austerity" picked "Word of the Year" by on-line searches
Reflecting widespread concern over the grim global economic conditions,
"austerity" was selected as the most-looked-up word in 2010 by on-line users,
according to a list released Monday by a U.S. leading language reference
publisher.
Chicago grains hike in face of stronger dollar
Chicago grains collectively hiked on Monday as market expected the grain supply
would further decline due to unfavorable weather, which even overcame the
negative force from a stronger dollar.
U.S. pedophile gets 104 months behind bars for sex tourism
A 61-year-old man Monday was sentenced to 104 months in federal prison for
conducting sex tourism in Cambodia, after he pleaded guilty to having sex with a
Cambodian teenage girl whom he "rented" from her poor family for 100 U.S.
dollars a month.
Canadian stocks slip with bank stocks tumbling
Canadian stocks slipped slightly on Monday, with the S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index
down 8.18 points, or 0. 06 percent, at 13,193.28.
Hungary hikes key interest rate to 5.75 percent
Hungary's central bank on Monday raised its base rate by 25 basis points from an
annual 5.5 percent to 5.75 percent, citing increasing inflation risks.
Russia to test five Bulava missiles in 2011: report
Russian strategic forces will conduct up to five test launches of a new Bulava
inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM), the missile's chief designer Yuri
Solomonov told RIA Novosti on Monday.
Ukraine to issue Eurobonds worth 600 mln USD by year's end
The Ukrainian government has decided to issue Eurobonds worth up to 600 million
U.S. dollars by the end of 2010, the government said in a statement.
Belarus' presidential election "honest, open": Lukashenko
Sunday's presidential election was "honest, open and in accordance with national
legislation," President Alexander Lukashenko said Monday after winning another
term in office.
Medvedev urges Latvia to remove obstacles on bilateral ties
President Dmitry Medvedev on Monday urged Latvia to enable some 335,000 non-
citizens in the country to lead normal lives.
Turkey finances Cyprus on missing Cypriots projects
Turkey has donated 50,000 U.S. dollars to Cyprus to help in the search and
identification of Cypriots missing since  intercommunal fighting erupted in the
1960s and during the 1974 Turkish military intervention, officials said Monday.
Mongolia, EU sign cooperation agreement
Mongolia and the European Union (EU) on Monday signed an agreement on
partnership and cooperation, said the Mongolian government's press office.
Roundup: Int'l observers differ on Belarus' presidential election
International observers have voiced different views on Belarus' presidential
election, with the majority saying the Sunday vote was legitimate, free and
democratic, but others disagreed.
Yemen releases 40 southern separatist activists
Yemeni security authorities released 40 southern separatist activists in a jail
in the southern city port of Aden, a provincial security official told Xinhua on
Tuesday.
Ecuador sends another 68 tons of aid to Colombia and Venezuela
QUITO, Dec. 20 (Xinhua) - Ecuador's government plans to send an additional 68
tons of humanitarian aid to Colombia and Venezuela due to the "strong rainy
season", National Risk Management Secretary Maria del Pilar Cornejo said on
Monday.
2nd LD Writethru: Powerful quake in southeastern Iran kills 5
Five people were killed in an earthquake measuring 6.5 on the Richter scale that
rocked Iran's southeastern city of Hosein Abad in Kerman province on Monday,
satellite channel Press TV reported.
Stocks end mixed in Central America
Central America's three major bourses
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 21
At least two Gaza militants were injured on Monday night after Israeli warplanes
struck two targets in southern and northern Gaza Strip, medics and witnesses
said.
Special economic zones, industrial clusters key to China miracle:
World Bank
In the past three decades, China has achieved phenomenal economic growth, an
unprecedented development "miracle" in human history, while special economic
zones (SEZs) and industrial clusters have served as two important engines of
China's remarkable development, the World Bank said on Monday.
Stocks close higher in Argentina, lower in Mexico and Brazil
Latin America's three major bourses all closed mixed Monday.
Cuba increases export of mechanically made cigars by 7.5 percent
in 2010
Cuba increased its exports of mechanically made cigars by 7.5 percent, compared
to the previous year, the International Business Snuff Cubana SA reported here
on Monday.
Urgent: Bill Richardson leaves Pyongyang, says satisfied with
visit
Bill Richardson, New Mexico State governor of the United States, left the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) for Beijing on Tuesday.
1st LD: Bill Richardson leaves Pyongyang, says satisfied with
visit
Bill Richardson, New Mexico State governor of the United States, left Pyongyang
for Beijing on Tuesday after a "satisfied" trip to the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea (DPRK).
Cancer-causing chemical found in most tap water in U.S.: Report
Hexavalent chromium, a cancer- causing chemical, is found in the tap water of 31
cities out of a total of 35 tested by the Environmental Working Group (EWG), it
was reported on Monday.
U.S., Mexico agree on water supply to quake-hit region
U.S. and Mexican officials signed an agreement on Monday to make additional
water supply to a Mexican region struck by an earthquake in April, the U.S.
embassy said in a statement.
KLM to launch scheduled service to Xiamen
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines announced Monday it will begin operating scheduled
service to Xiamen International Airport in China on March 27 2011.
2nd LD Writethru: Bill Richardson leaves Pyongyang, says
satisfied with visit
Bill Richardson, New Mexico State governor of the United States, left Pyongyang
for Beijing on Tuesday after a "satisfied" trip to the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea (DPRK).
News Analysis: Belarus reelects president, eyes new opportunities
by Xinhua Writers Hai Yang, Song Zongli and Sun Ping
No peace in Middle East with U.S. mediation: Lula
Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said on Monday that there will be
no peace in the Middle East while the United States acts as a mediator.
Brazilians possesses 7.6 million illegal guns: study
Brazilians currently own 14 million guns, 7.6 million of which are illegal, a
study presented here Monday by Justice Minister Luiz Paulo Barreto said.
U.S. Democrats press for showdown on arms treaty with Russia
As Republican senators used delaying tactic for the third day on Monday,
President Barack Obama and the Democrats stepped up efforts to woo fence-sitting
senators to press for a showdown on the nuclear arms treaty he signed with
Russia in the days ahead.
Brazilian industrialists to invest more in 2011
Most Brazilian industrialists intend to increase investments in 2011, the
Getulio Vargas Foundation (FGV) said on Monday.
Brazil gets first 3 helicopters in deal with France
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Monday delivered three EC-725
transport helicopters from Eurocopter to the Brazilian Armed Forces in a
ceremony here.
Pemex says cause of pipeline explosion remains unclear
A pipeline explosion in Puebla state could either have been caused by a duct
problem or fuel theft, a Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) official said Monday.
UNHCR offers Ecuador support on Colombian refugees issue
The United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR) Monday offered the Ecuadorian
government support on joint actions to solve the problem of thousands of
Colombian refugees.
2nd LD Writethru: China deeply worried about situation on Korean
Peninsula, calls  for maximum restraint
China on Sunday expressed deep worries over the current situation on the Korean
Peninsula and called on the parties concerned to exercise maximum restraint and
return to the negotiating table at an early date, China's deputy permanent
representative to the United Nations Wang Min said.
Beijing Opera to join celebrations of China-Chile ties
anniversary
A Beijing Opera troupe from Tianjin, China, will put on two shows early this
week in Santiago to celebrate 40 years of diplomatic relations between China and
Chile.
DPRK agrees to allow return of UN inspectors: CNN
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) has agreed to allow the return
of UN inspectors following discussions with visiting New Mexico Governor Bill
Richardson, CNN reported on Monday.
Brazilian president calls for prudent Christmas shopping
Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva advised Brazilians to be prudent on
their Christmas shopping in his weekly radio show aired on Monday.
Yearender: Modestly recovering U.S. economy faces tough growth
agenda in 2011
by Xinhua Writer Liu Lina
U.S. seeks to expand military activities in Pakistan: report
U.S. military commanders in Afghanistan are pushing for an expansion of ground
operations across the border into Pakistan's tribal areas, the New York Times
reported Monday.
3rd LD Writethru: S.Korea begins live-fire artillery drill in
waters near Yeonpyeong  Island
South Korea begun Monday a live-firing drill from a western border island
despite Pyongyang's repeated vows of counterattack, the Joint Chiefs of Staff
(JCS) in Seoul said.
Urgent: 5.8-magnitude quake hits Java, Indonesia -- USGS
An earthquake measuring 5.8 on the Richter scale jolted Java, Indonesia on
Tuesday local time, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Pyongyang agrees to return of inspectors: CNN
Pyongyang has agreed to allow the return of UN inspectors following discussions
with visiting New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson, CNN reported on Monday.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0500 GMT, Dec. 21
In the past three decades, China has achieved phenomenal economic growth, an
unprecedented development "miracle" in human history, while special economic
zones (SEZs) and industrial clusters have served as two important engines of
China's remarkable development, the World Bank said on Monday.
Algerian PM calls national reconciliation biggest achievement in
10 years
The security situation in Algeria has been persistently stable and its national
reconciliation is being steadily realized, Prime Minister Ahmed Ouyahia said on
Sunday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 20
South Korea on Monday wrapped up its live-fire artillery drill from a western
border island shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK), the defense ministry said in Seoul.
Backgrounder: Belarusian President Alexander Grigoryevich
Lukashenko
Incumbent Belarussian President Alexander Grigoryevich Lukashenko has been
elected for a fourth term since he became the head of the state in 1994,
announced the Central Election Commission (CEC) of Belarus early Monday.
Urgent: 12 terror suspects arrested in Britain
British police arrested 12 men on Monday morning in a large-scale national
counter terrorism operation.
Urgent: DPRK says "not worth reacting" to South Korea's artillery
drill
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) said Monday that it "was not
worth reacting" to South Korea's artillery drill on a disputed island off the
west coast of the Korean Peninsula, state media reported.
London stock market slightly higher in early trade
The London stock market opened slightly higher Monday, with the leading FTSE 100
index up by 3.33 points, or 0.06 percent, at 5,875.08 points in early trade.
Belarus' presidential polls legitimate: CIS observers
Sunday's presidential election in Belarus was legitimate, free and democratic,
said the head of the observing mission of the Commonwealth of Independent States
(CIS), Sergei Lebedev, on Monday.
1st LD Writethru: Belarus' presidential polls legitimate: CIS
observers
Sunday's presidential election in Belarus was legitimate, free and democratic,
said the head of the observing mission of the Commonwealth of Independent States
(CIS), Sergei Lebedev, on Monday.
Backgrounder: Major events on Korean Peninsula in 2010
South Korea launched Monday a firing drill from a disputed western border island
shelled last month by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) despite
the latter's repeated warnings of a counterattack.
1st LD: 12 terror suspects arrested in Britain
British police arrested 12 men on Monday morning in a large-scale national
counter terrorism operation.
1st LD Writethru: DPRK says "not worth reacting" to South Korea's
artillery drill
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) said Monday that it "was not
worth reacting" to South Korea's artillery drill on a disputed island off the
west coast of the Korean Peninsula, state media reported.
Bill Richardson cancels flight due to thick fog
U.S. New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson, who is visiting the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), on Monday canceled his flight to Beijing due
to thick fog.
3 killed in train-car collision in northern France
Three people were killed after a regional express train (TER) collided with a
car on Monday in the northern province of Recquignies, local media reported.
Denmark's Novozymes to acquire U.S. biotech company
Danish bio-tech company Novozymes announced Monday that it will purchase
American company EMD/Merck Crop BioScience from Merck KGaA for 275 million U.S.
dollars.
New mayor of Armenian capital sworn in by president
Karen Karapetyan was on Monday sworn in as the new mayor of the Armenian capital
city of Yerevan, according to reports reaching here.
PACE monitoring chief to make on-the-spot assessment in Georgia
The South Caucasus country of Georgia is expecting the chairman of the
Monitoring Committee of the Parliamentary Assembly of Council of Europe (PACE)
to come and assess the current post-2008 conflict situation in the country.
Sweden's population to reach 9.417 million this year
Sweden's population will increase by 76,000 to reach 9.417 million at the end of
2010, according to preliminary statistics published by Statistics Sweden on
Monday.
London stock market higher by midday
London stock market went up by midday on Monday, with the leading FTSE 100 index
up by 31.04 points, or 0.53 percent, at 5,902.79 points at noon.
Russia regrets UNSC's failure to reach consensus on Korean
Peninsula situation
Russia regretted that the UN Security Council (UNSC) failed to reach a consensus
on the situation of the Korean Peninsula, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov
said on Monday.
Urgent: Suspicious device found at Newark Airport
One of the terminals at New Jersey's Newark Liberty International Airport was
closed Monday because of a suspicious package, CNN reported.
Spain needs more efforts to improve gov't finance, employment:
OECD
The Spanish government needs further efforts to improve its vulnerable fiscal
situation and create more jobs against the backdrop of lasting slow recovery
from the global recession, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) said on Monday.
1st LD: Suspicious device found at Newark Airport
One of the terminals at New Jersey's Newark Liberty International Airport was
temporarily closed Monday because of a suspicious device, CNN reported.
2nd LD Writethru: Suspicious device found at Newark Airport
One of the terminals at New Jersey's Newark Liberty International Airport was
temporarily closed Monday because of a suspicious device, CNN reported.
OPEC weekly oil prices continue to rise
The weekly average prices of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
(OPEC) continued to increase last week, reaching 88.39 U.S. dollars per barrel,
the Vienna-based cartel said Monday.
U.S. stocks moderately higher after tax-cut extension
U.S. stocks were modestly higher in early trading on Monday after U.S. President
Barack Obama signed the bipartisan tax extension package into law.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 20
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) said Monday that it "was not
worth reacting" to South Korea's artillery drill on a disputed island off the
west coast of the Korean Peninsula, state media reported.
2nd LD Writethru: DPRK says "feel no need" to react to South
Korean artillery drill
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) said Monday that it did not
"feel any need" to react against the South Korea's artillery drill off the west
coast of the Korean Peninsula, state media reported.
France's SNCF plans 5.25 bln USD saving by 2015
French state-run transport group SNCF wants to save 4 billion euros (5.25
billion U.S. dollars) over the next five years to cut spending and boost
financial assets, local newspaper reported on Monday.
ECB dismisses woes over euro credibility
The European Central Bank (ECB) Chief Jean-Claude Trichet dismissed on Monday
worries over the euro value which lost strong ground following last week's Irish
sovereign rating downgrade by the Moody's.
Medvedev urges security services to make best use of modern
technology
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Monday urged security services to make more
use of modern technology on crackdown of extremism, xenophobia and terrorism.
Russia sees Belarus' election internal affair
Belarus's Sunday presidential election is an internal affair of the country,
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Monday, stressing that Belarus is one of
the closest partners to Russia.
Angolan national team confronts Folamengo, Sao Paulo in training
sessions
Angola's national soccer team is expected to confront with Brazil's first
division teams of Flamengo and Sao Paulo FC in their training sessions scheduled
for January 10-21, 2011 in Brazil, Angolan soccer officials said here on Monday.
Three Cubans to world athletics championship for disabled people
Three Cubans will compete at the world athletic championship for disabled people
in Christchurch, New Zealand, from January 21 to 30, the National Athletics
Federation reported here on Monday.
Yearender: Vancouver Olympic legacy still open to interpretation
by Huang Xiaonan &amp; Al Campbell
Cassano to join AC Milan
AC Milan will officially introduce Antonio Cassano on January 3, 2011 after they
reached an agreement with Sampdoria to pay Real Madrid half of the 5 million
euro buy-out clause, local media reported on Monday.
Donovan, Wambach named U.S. soccer Player of Year
Landon Donovan and Abby Wambach have been named Monday as Player of the Year for
the fourth time by the U.S. Soccer Federation.
Benitez denies losing Inter job
Rafa Benitez has denied rumor about him going to lose the coach post at Inter
Milan while being interviewed by Spanish radio station Onda Cero on Monday.
Puerto Rico basketball signs American university coach
American Rick Pitino has sealed a contract with Puerto Rico basketball national
team and will guide it for a 2012 London Olympics berth.
Australian Cadel Evans to skip next month's Tour Down Under
Former world cycling champion and Tour de France runner-up Cadel Evans of
Australia will miss the Tour Down Under in January, local media reported on
Monday.
Indonesia's national soccer team warned to be careful in facing
Malaysia
Indonesia's national soccer team coach Alfred Riedl warned his players to play
extra carefully while facing Malaysia in the final round of Suzuki Cup of the
ASEAN Football Federation,the Jakartapost.com online news reported on Monday.
Kenya's under-17 squad leaves for Rwanda
Kenya Under-17 team has left Sunday for Kigali where they will play against host
Rwanda and Tanzania in a build up match for the tiny East Africa nation as it
prepares for the Africa under-17 tournament.
Zambia finishes sixth at regional games
Zambia only finished the sixth in a regional tournament, which was the worst
performance since 2004 when the inaugural event was held, the Zambia Daily Mail
reported on Monday.
Kenya's Under-17 team leaves for Rwanda
Kenya Under-17 team has left Sunday for Kigali where they will play against host
Rwanda and Tanzania in a build up match for the tiny East Africa nation as it
prepares for the Africa under-17 tournament.
China wins team competition in FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup
CHANGCHUN, Dec. 20 (Xinhua) - China won the team race title at the FIS Freestyle
Skiing World Cup in Beida Lake in Jilin city of Jilin province. on Monday.
Beckham eyes European club
David Beckham wants to play for a European club this winter in a bid to win back
his England place, English news agency English PA said.
Several soccer matches called off for bad weather
Several matches have already bitten the dust because of the freezing conditions
which have swept the UK, English news agency Press Association said.
VVV fire coach Van Dijk
VVV-Venlo fired coach Jan van Dijk on Monday, due to the bad results of the team
in the year 2010.
Tunisian Olympic swimmer confirms supremacy over 1500 m distance
The 26-year-old Tunisian Olympic swimming champion Oussama Mellouli confirmed on
Sunday his supremacy over the 1500m distance by winning the gold medal at the
World Short Course Swimming Championship in Dubai.
Premier League ease fixture fears
The Premier League are confident the big freeze will not lead to a serious
fixture pile-up at the end of the season, English news agency Press Association
said on Monday.
Journalist beaten to "brain death" in northwest China
A journalist in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region was beaten to
"brain death" by five men on Saturday, local police said on Monday.
China weighs law to prevent water, soil loss
China's top legislature Monday began reviewing a draft revision of the Law on
Water and Soil Conservation in order to provide better protection for China's
land and water resources.
China promises "never to let poor students remain out of school"
The Chinese government will not let "any poor student remain out of school" and
will focus on improving equality in education, China' s Minister of Education
Yuan Guiren said Monday.
264,000 convicts serve terms in China's communities: ministry
Altogether 264,000 convicts are serving their jail terms under supervision in
China's communities and only 0.21 percent of them have committed another crime
while serving their terms, China's Ministry of Justice said Monday.
Chinese prosecutors help retrieve 6.8 bln yuan economic losess
this year
BEIJING, Dec. 20 (Xinhua) - Chinese prosecutors investigated nearly 43,000
suspects in work-related crimes and retrieved 6.8 billion yuan in economic
losses for the state or collective entities as of November this year, official
figures released Monday indicated.
2nd Ld-Writethru: China's top legislature opens bimonthly
session, reads draft laws
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), China's top
legislature, opened its bimonthly session Monday to read a series of draft laws.
Strong earthquake jolts southeastern Iran
An earthquake measuring 6.6 on the Richter scale jolted southeastern Iran at
2:42 Beijing Time on Tuesday, according to the China Earthquake Networks Center.
URGENT: Mainland, Taiwan negotiators hold new round of talks in
Taipei
Chinese mainland's negotiator on cross-Strait ties Chen Yunlin started talks
with his Taiwan counterpart Chiang Pin-kung on Tuesday morning in Taipei.
Residents return to apartments after deadly blaze in Shanghai
Residents of two buildings next to the downtown high-rise apartment block
destroyed by a blaze on Nov. 15 began moving back into their apartments on
Monday, although they were troubled by view of burnt-out shell and paint odors.
Chinese shares open higher Tuesday
Chinese shares opened higher Tuesday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index up 0.16 percent to 2,857.59 at the opening.
ChiNext Index opens lower Tuesday
ChiNext stocks was down 0.02 percent, or 0.25 points, to open at 1,212.09 points
Tuesday.
China stock index futures open mixed Tuesday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Tuesday. The contract for settlement in
January 2011, the most actively traded, opened 0.26 percent higher at 3,220.
Plug pulled on power company's housing project in central China
A power company executive has been suspended from duty following the discovery
that the company was splurging on building luxury houses - in a county where the
average income is below the poverty line.
China's yuan advances to 6.6597 per USD Tuesday
The value of yuan contracted as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6597 per U.S. dollar Tuesday, compared with Monday's
6.6623, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
Backgrounder: Key talks between ARATS, SEF
The Chinese mainland's Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits
(ARATS) President Chen Yunlin arrived in Taipei Monday noon to attend talks with
Chiang Pin-kung, chairman of Taiwan's Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF).
Blast hits residential houses, casualties unknown
A blast occurred in residential houses in east China's Zhejiang Province
Tuesday, but the casualties remained unknown, local authorities said.
Backgrounder: China's second moon orbiter Chang'e-2
China on Monday held a celebration rally to mark the successful mission of the
nation's second lunar probe Chang'e-2.
Hong Kong stocks open up 0.32 pct
Hong Kong stocks moved up 72.38 points, or 0.32 percent to open at 22,711.46 on
Tuesday.
Senior Chinese legislator meets Malawi guests
Jiang Shusheng, vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's
Congress of China, met here Monday with a delegation led by Chimunthu Banda,
speaker of the National Assembly of Malawi.
Five killed by electric shock in NW China chemical plant
At least five people were killed and one injured in a chemical factory accident
in northwest China's Gansu Province Monday, local government said.
China, EU hold dialogue on economy, trade in Beijing
BEIJING, Dec. 21 (Xinhua)-- China and the European Union (EU) kicked off their
third High-Level Economic and Trade Dialogue (HED) in Beijing Tuesday.
2nd LD: Mainland negotiators arrive in Taipei for new round of
cross-Strait talks
A delegation headed by Chinese mainland's chief negotiator on cross-Strait
affairs Chen Yunlin arrived here Monday for a new round of talks with Taiwan, at
which the two sides are expected to reach a medical and health cooperation
agreement.
China supports EU measures for financial stability, says vice
premier
China supports the measures taken by the European Union (EU) and the
International Monetary Fund to create financial stability, said Chinese Vice
Premier Wang Qishan here Tuesday.
China's stocks close lower Monday
Chinese shares fell Monday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index closing
down 1.41 percent, or 40.82 points, to end at 2,852.92 points.
Publicity official gets 11 years for graft in SW China
A senior publicity officer of southwest China's Chongqing Municipality was
sentenced to 11 years in jail on Monday for taking bribes, a local court said
Tuesday.
China's top legislature opens bimonthly session
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), China's top
legislature, opened its bimonthly session Monday to read a series of draft laws.
Cross-Strait's medical, health deal creates safety net: top
negotiator
Taiwan's top negotiator on cross- Strait affairs Chiang Pin-kung said Tuesday
the medical and health cooperation agreement, expected to be signed this
afternoon, will be a key part of the "safety net" between the island and the
mainland.
Taiwan stocks close down 0.56 pct
Taiwan's share prices closed lower Monday with the weighted index down 49.18
points, or 0.56 percent, to close at 8,768.72, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Chinese shares close up at midday Tuesday
China's stocks closed higher in the morning trading session Tuesday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up 24.19 points, or 0.85 percent, to close at
2,877.11 points.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 20
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,852.92 Monday, down 40.82 points, or 1.41 percent, from the previous close.
1st Ld-Writethru: China supports EU measures for financial
stability, says vice premier
China supports the measures taken by the European Union (EU) and the
International Monetary Fund to create financial stability, said Chinese Vice
Premier Wang Qishan here Tuesday.
Shenzhen stock indices down -- Dec. 20
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower Monday
to end at 12,557.55 points, down 202.05 points, or 1.58 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec.20
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,178.66 points Monday, down 47.00 points, or 1.46
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 20
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1,
dropped 20.64 points, or 1.67 percent, to close at 1,212.34 on Monday.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 20
China's stock index futures closed down Monday with the contract for December,
the most actively traded, down 0.52 percent from the previous trading day to end
at 3,221.2 points.
Urgent: No one entitled to trigger war on Korean Peninsula:
deputy FM
No one has the right to drum for or trigger a war on the Korean Peninsula, said
Deputy Foreign Minister Cui Tiankai here Monday.
China mulls harsher punishment for principal criminals of
organized crimes
China has been considering harsher punishment for principal offenders of
organized crimes in its latest draft amendment to the Criminal Law.
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.33 pct
Hong Kong stocks closed down 75.77 points, or 0.33 percent, at 22,639.08 on
Monday.
China's family planning policy to remain largely unchanged:
official
China will keep its family planning policy largely the same for the next five
years, said Li Bin, director of the National Population and Family Planning
Commission, in an interview with Xinhua Monday.
8 jailed for selling fake rabies vaccines in SW China
Eight people were sentenced to jail terms Friday for selling fake rabies
vaccines that contributed to the death of a five-year old boy in southwest
China, a local court said Monday.
1st Ld: Chinese deputy FM says bloodshed no answer to Korean
tensions
No party has the right to incite or start a war on the Korean Peninsula, said
China's Deputy Foreign Minister, Cui Tiankai, in Beijing Monday.
2nd LD: China celebrates success of 2nd lunar probe Chang'e-2
China celebrated on Monday the success of its second lunar probe, Chang'e-2,
highlighting the significance of the project in boosting the country's
technological development.
3rd Ld: Mainland negotiators arrive in Taipei for new round of
cross-Strait talks
A delegation headed by Chinese mainland's chief negotiator on cross-Strait
affairs Chen Yunlin arrived here Monday for a new round of talks with Taiwan, at
which the two sides are expected to reach a medical and health cooperation
agreement, the 15th under the current cross-Strait framework.
China develops first spherical robot with telescopic arms
China has successfully developed its first spherical robot with telescopic arms,
the Ministry of Science and Technology (MST) said Monday.
China mulls ban on unapproved foreign surveys of intangible
cultural heritage
Foreign organizations and individuals will have to obtain government approval
before conducting surveys of intangible cultural heritage (ICH) in China,
according to a revised draft law.
32 pct of Hong Kong's exports to Mainland for outward processing
Thirty-two percent of Hong Kong's total exports to the Chinese mainland were for
outward processing in this year's third quarter, according to statistics of the
Census and Statistics Department released Monday.
Hong Kong's GDP up 6.8 pct in Q3
Hong Kong's gross domestic product(GDP) rose 6.8 percent in real terms in the
third quarter over a year earlier by using chain volume measures, the Census and
Statistics Department said  Monday.
Three airlines to raise surcharges again in HK
Hong Kong's Civil Aviation Department (CAD) said Monday that it had approved an
increase in passenger fuel surcharges levied by All Nippon Airways, Cathay
Pacific and Singapore Airlines, which would take effect in January 2011.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close down 0.33 pct
Hong Kong stocks closed down Monday, with the weighted index falling 75.77
points, or 0.33 percent, to end at 22,639.08.
Toxic gas kills 5 workers, injures 2 at northwest China
fertilizer plant
Five workers were killed and two were injured after they inhaled poisonous gas
at a fertilizer plant in northwest China's Gansu Province Monday, the local
government said, correcting an earlier emergency response office report that
said the workers were electrocuted.
2nd Ld Writethru: Chinese deputy FM says bloodshed no answer to
Korean tensions
No party has the right to incite or start a war on the Korean Peninsula, said
China's Deputy Foreign Minister, Cui Tiankai, in Beijing Monday.
1st Ld Writethru: China mulls ban on unapproved foreign surveys
of intangible cultural  heritage
Foreign organizations and individuals will have to obtain government approval
before conducting surveys of intangible cultural heritage (ICH) in China,
according to a revised draft law.
3rd LD-Writethru-China Focus: China celebrates success of 2nd
lunar probe Chang'e-2
China celebrated Monday the success of its second lunar probe, Chang'e-2,
highlighting the significance of the project in boosting the country's
technological development.
1st LD-Writethru: China's stocks close lower Monday
Chinese shares fell Monday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index closing
down 1.41 percent, or 40.82 points, to end at 2,852.92 points.
Chinese president honors outstanding military units, one
individual
Chinese President Hu Jintao, also Chairman of the Central Military Commission,
signed an order Monday to honor three units and one individual for their
outstanding military service.
1st Ld Writethru: China calls on parties concerned with Korean
Peninsula situation  to show restraint
China Monday urged all parties concerned with the Korean Peninsula situation to
exercise maximum restraint to prevent an escalation in tensions.
China Unicom adds 1.12 mln 3G users in November
China Unicom announced on Monday it added 1.12 million new 3G service
subscribers for November with an aggregate 3G subscriber base of 12.776 million.
Macao seeks to expand commodity supply from mainland: Chief
Executive
The government of Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) will closely work
with relevant departments of China's central government in order to expand and
stabilize Macao's commodity supply from the Chinese mainland, the SAR Chief
Executive Chui Sai On said on Monday.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 20
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 20:
China to bolster cooperation with Bangladesh, says Chinese vice
president
China will expand substantial exchanges and cooperation with Bangladesh to
strengthen their comprehensive partnership of cooperation, Vice President Xi
Jinping said Monday.
1st Ld: Crime gang heads face longer jail time under proposed
Chinese law change
Organized crime chiefs will face longer jail terms of up to 15 years under a
proposed change to China's Criminal Law.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong -- Dec. 20
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 103 HK dollars to 12,851 HK dollars per tael
Monday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Literary work showing China's sovereignty over Diaoyu Islands
auctioned for 2 mln  USD
A hand-written copy believed to be of a missing part of a Chinese literary work,
which showed the Diaoyu Islands were part of China, was auctioned for 13.25
million yuan (2 million U.S. dollars) Monday in Beijing.
China Enterprises Index downs 0.48 pct -- Dec. 20
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index went down 60.39 points, or 0.48 percent,
to close at 12,408.49 Monday.
Over half of new buildings in north China fail to meet energy-
saving standards: report
Over half of the buildings constructed in northern China in 2009 were not
equipped with heat-metering devices, which means they failed China's energy-
saving standards, an inspection report released Monday said.
4th Ld-Writethru-China Focus: Mainland negotiators arrive in
Taipei for new round  of cross-Strait talks
A delegation headed by the Chinese mainland's chief negotiator on cross-Strait
affairs, Chen Yunlin, arrived in Taipei Monday for a new round of talks with
Taiwan, and the two sides are expected to reach a medical and health cooperation
agreement, the 15th under the current cross-Strait framework.
Non-Communist parties eye closer cross-Strait ties as 1911
Revolution centenary anniversary  approaches
Sun Yat-sen, the leader of the 1911 Revolution that ended imperial rule in
China, is one of a few modern Chinese political figures revered on both the
Chinese mainland and in Taiwan.
Anti-erosion proposal targets China's agriculture sector
Individuals and companies who work uncultivated land will be held responsible
for the loss of soil and water under a proposed change to China's conservation
law.
China, Australia hold 13th dialogue on human rights
China and Australia held their 13th dialogue on human rights in Beijing Monday,
agreeing to continue to discuss and cooperate on the subject.
Measures being taken to ensure daily necessities supply: Ministry
of Commerce
A series of measures have been taken to regulate the daily necessities market in
an effort to curb sharp price fluctuations this year, the Ministry of Commerce
(MOC) said Monday.
China mulls harsher penalties for food safety crimes in Criminal
Law
China's top legislature Monday started the second reading of an amendment to the
Criminal Law to increase penalties for food safety crimes.
China's top legislator meets Malawian counterpart
China's top legislator, Wu Bangguo, met with his Malawian counterpart, Henry
Chimunthu Banda, in Beijing Monday and called for the two nations' parliaments
to boost cooperation.
China criminal law draft amendment shows lenity for old people
The death penalty will not to be given to people aged 75 years or more at the
time of trial except if they used exceptional cruelty when murdering another, a
draft amendment to China's Criminal Law says.
1st Ld: China's top legislature opens bimonthly session, reads
draft laws
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), China's top
legislature, opened its bimonthly session Monday to read a series of draft laws.
1st Ld-Writethru: Over half of new buildings in north China fail
to meet energy-saving  standards: report
Over half the buildings constructed in northern China in 2009 were not equipped
with heat-metering devices, resulting in their failing to meet  China's energy-
saving standards, an inspection report released Monday said.
Senior Chinese leader urges increased efforts to resolve social
conflict
A senior leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC) has called on judicial and
public security authorities to step up efforts to resolve social conflict and
embrace fairness in law enforcement.
Senior official encourages overseas Chinese scholars to return
for work
A senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) on Monday encouraged
young overseas Chinese scholars to return to China to create businesses and
contribute to the country's modernization.
China Criminal Law draft amendment unchanged in reducing number
of crimes subject  to death penalty
A draft amendment to China's Criminal Law remained unchanged in reducing the
number of crimes subject to the death penalty.
1st Ld-Writethru: Literary work showing China's sovereignty over
Diaoyu Islands auctioned  for 2 mln USD
A hand-written document believed to be of a missing part of a Chinese literary
work which showed the Diaoyu Islands as being part of China, was auctioned for
13.25 million yuan (2 million U.S.dollars) Monday in Beijing.
China, Nigeria sign 900 million USD credit agreement for rail,
communications project  construction
China and Nigeria Monday signed a 900-million-U.S.-dollar credit agreement for
rail and communications projects.
Netizens show mixed feelings as Beijing strives to rein in
traffic jams
Netizens in Beijing voiced their support as well as concern during the past week
about draft rules designed to curb the capital city's notorious traffic
congestion.
Bank of China Hong Kong to launch offshore RMB bond index
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited is expected to launch the "Bank of China (Hong
Kong) Offshore RMB Bond Index" on Dec. 31, the first offshore RMB bond index in
Hong Kong, the bank said Monday in a statement.
Hong Kong offers aid to stranded students in Britain
The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region's government is providing assistance
to several hundred Hong Kong people stranded at London's Heathrow Airport due to
heavy snow in Europe, a city official said Monday.
China's court to eye price hikes' impact on people's livelihood
China's top judge, Wang Shengjun, on Monday urged the nation's courts to pay
close attention to the impact on  people's standards of living caused by recent
price hikes.
Saudi investigates girl schools' tournament: Paper
Saudi Arabia has launched an investigation into an "illegal" tournament among
girls- only high schools in the kingdom's Red Sea port city of Jeddah, the local
Arab News daily reported on Tuesday.
Yearender: Turkey's new foreign policy vision
by Wang Xiuqiong, Zheng Jinfa
Iraqi parliament to approve new cabinet
The Iraqi parliament on Tuesday is expected to approve the new cabinet submitted
late Monday to the speaker more than nine months after the country's
parliamentary elections.
Iran congrats Lukashenko's re-election, urges enhanced ties
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad conveyed a congratulatory note to his
Belarusian counterpart Alexander Lukashenko for his recent re-election, urging
enhanced ties between Iran and Belarus, the satellite Press TV reported on
Tuesday.
Turkey offers 780 mln USD in aid to poor countries annually:
ministry
Turkish Agriculture Ministry said that Turkey currently extended 780 million
U.S. dollars of aid to poor countries every year, the semi-official Anatolia
news agency reported Tuesday.
Media organs important actors for public diplomacy: Turkish FM
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Tuesday media organs are important
actors for public diplomacy.
PNA welcomes UN draft resolution on sovereignty over natural
resources
The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) on Tuesday welcomed the United Nations
General Assembly's adoption of a draft resolution emphasizing Palestinian
sovereignty over natural resources.
1st LD: Libya's Ghaddafi arrives in Khartoum for talks on
referendum
Libyan leader Muammar al-Ghaddafi arrived in Khartoum on Tuesday for a mini-
summit to discuss the upcoming referendum in southern Sudan scheduled to be held
on Jan. 9, 2011.
Turkey exports 1 bln kWh of electricity to Syria: official
Turkey has exported nearly 1 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity to
Syria, Turkey's energy and natural resources minister said Tuesday.
2nd LD: Libya's al-Ghaddafi arrives in Khartoum for talks on
referendum
Libyan Leader Muammar Al-Ghaddafi on Tuesday arrived in Khartoum to hold talks
with Sudanese leaders on an upcoming referendum in southern Sudan scheduled to
be held on Jan. 9, 2011.
Hezbollah official defends Khamenei's remarks on tribunal probing
Rafik Hariri killing
An official from Lebanese Shiite armed group Hezbollah defended Iranian Supreme
leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's remarks on the UN tribunal probing former
Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri's killing, the pan-Arab daily Asharq al-
Awsat reported on Tuesday.
Egyptian president arrives in Khartoum to attend summit on
referendum
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak arrived in Khartoum on Tuesday to take part in
a mini-summit which also include the Libyan leader Muammar al-Ghaddafi, Sudanese
President Omar al-Bashir and President of Sudan People's Liberation Movement
(SPLM) Salva Kiir Mayardit to discuss the upcoming south Sudan referendum.
Turkey-Syria cooperation carries potential to change Mideast
fate: FM
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said on Tuesday that the cooperation
between Turkey and Syria carried the potential to change the ill fate of the
Middle East.
Abbas says int'l recognition urges Palestinians to stick to
peaceful choices
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Tuesday that recent recognition of the
Palestinian statehood by some countries will encourage the Palestinians to stick
to their peaceful choices.
Urgent: Iraqi parliament approves new government
The Iraqi parliament on Tuesday approved the new cabinet submitted by Prime
Minister-designate Nuri al-Maliki after more than nine months after the
country's parliamentary elections.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,357 points on
Tuesday, increasing by five points from Monday's finish.
Interview: Palestinian official says peace talks with Israel at
dead end
The Palestinian-Israeli negotiations are at a dead end, senior Palestinian
official Nayef Hawatmeh told Xinhua in an interview on Tuesday.
1st LD: Iraqi parliament approves new government
The Iraqi parliament Tuesday approved the new cabinet submitted by Prime
Minister-designate Nuri al-Maliki, ending more than nine months of political
deadlock after the country's parliamentary elections.
Interview: China can contribute to African economic growth: ADB
official
China, whose direct investment in Africa has increased a lot in recent years,
can contribute to the continent's economic growth, an official from the African
Development Bank (ADB) told Xinhua on Tuesday.
Roundup: UAE exchanges fail to join Gulf Arab markets' recovery
Stock markets in Dubai and Abu Dhabi Tuesday closed 0.39 percent lower at
1,626.07 points and 0.66 percent lower at 2,698.46 points respectively amid low
trading turnover, failing to join the Gulf Arab markets' recovery.
Urgent: Mini summit calls for southern Sudan referendum held in
peaceful, calm, and transparent atmosphere
A mini summit, bringing together Sudan, Egypt, Libya and Mauritania, Tuesday
affirmed importance of conducting southern Sudan referendum in peaceful, calm,
and transparent atmosphere and in away that reflects the will of the southern
Sudanese to remain within the united Sudan or a peaceful separation.
1st LD: Mini summit calls for southern Sudan referendum held in
peaceful, calm, transparent atmosphere
A mini summit, bringing together Sudan, Egypt, Libya and Mauritania, Tuesday
stressed importance in conducting south Sudan referendum in peaceful, calm, and
transparent atmosphere and in away that reflects the will of the south Sudanese
citizens to remain within the united Sudan or a peaceful separation.
Roundup: Violent attacks threaten African migrant workers in
Israel
Arsonists set ablaze an apartment shared by five Sudanese nationals in Israel's
southern coastal city of Ashdod on Saturday, following several other violent
incidents in recent days against African migrants that have come to live and
work in Israel.
Chinese firms inaugurate business association in Turkey
The Association of Chinese Enterprises was inaugurated in Turkish capital Ankara
on Tuesday, with 21 member companies aiming to foster stronger cooperation and
contribute to Sino-Turkish economic ties.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes lower
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,074.08 points on
Tuesday, down 0. 14 points from Monday's close. The turnover was over 1.84
billion shekels (about 510 million U.S. dollars).
Israeli teen gang accused of attacking Arabs
The Israeli police announced on Tuesday that they have made arrests in a string
of violent attacks on Arabs in Jerusalem, allegedly carried out by a group of
Jewish teenagers and minors. The case had been under a gag order since arrests
began in the case two weeks ago.
Israeli air force attack evacuated Hamas military site
An Israeli aircraft attacked a Hamas military training site in southern Gaza
Strip Tuesday afternoon, witnesses said.
Roundup: Netanyahu mulls public call for release of Israeli spy
by Gur Salomon
Turkey welcomes establishment of new Iraqi government
The Turkish Foreign Ministry on Tuesday welcomed the establishment of the new
Iraqi government under the leadership of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki.
Israeli continues air-raid on Gaza
Three Palestinians were injured Tuesday as Israeli airplanes continued raids on
Hamas security and military sites in Gaza.
News Analysis: A new leader of the Israeli Labor Party?
by Adam Gonn
2nd LD: Mini summit calls for south Sudan referendum held in
peaceful, calm, transparent atmosphere
A mini summit, bringing together Sudan, Egypt, Libya and Mauritania, Tuesday
stressed importance in conducting south Sudan referendum in peaceful, calm, and
transparent atmosphere and in away that reflects the will of the south Sudanese
citizens to remain within the united Sudan or a peaceful separation.
Turkish president congratulates new Kyrgyz PM
Turkish President Abdullah Gul on Tuesday congratulated Almazbek Atambayev on
his assuming the prime minister's office in Kyrgyzstan, the semi-official
Anatolia news agency reported.
Turkey, Syria to carry out joint fight against terrorism: PM
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Tuesday that Turkey and Syria
would carry out a joint fight against terrorism.
Sudan FM says summit promotes CPA, resolves outstanding issues
The Sudanese government said Tuesday the summit held in Khartoum helps to
promote the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) between
north and south Sudan, and resolve the outstanding issues between them.
Gaza militants fire Kornet missile at Israeli tank: official
Israel Defense Forces Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi on Tuesday said
that an Israeli tank was hit by a Kornet anti-tank missile earlier this month
along the Gaza border, suggesting the rising threat by Gaza militants, local
news service Ynet reported.
Bulgarian, Lebanese PMs vow to boost bilateral cooperation
Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borisov and his Lebanese counterpart Saad Hariri
vowed to promote bilateral cooperation on Tuesday.
Turkey to restore 550-year-old Grand Bazaar
Turkey prepares to carry out a multi-million U.S. dollar restoration project to
renew its historic Grand Bazaar in Istanbul, an senior official said Tuesday.
Hezbollah says Iranian leader's remarks over STL courageous
The Lebanese Shiite armed group Hezbollah said Tuesday that recent comments by
Iran's supreme leader over the Special Tribunal for Lebanon (STL) did not
contradict local and regional efforts to solve the deadlock in Lebanon.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 21
A mini summit, bringing together leaders from Sudan, Egypt, Libya and
Mauritania, on Tuesday stressed importance in conducting the south Sudan
referendum in peaceful, calm, and transparent atmosphere and in away that
reflects the will of the south Sudanese citizens to remain within the united
Sudan or a peaceful separation. (Sudan-Summit-Referendum)
Tuvalu's parliament dissolved after no-confidence vote
Tuvalu's parliament was dissolved on Tuesday after a no-confidence motion
against Prime Minister Maatia Toafa was successful by a slim majority.
Most New Zealand optimistic about the year ahead: survey
Most New Zealanders are optimistic about the year ahead but they aren't as
enthusiastic as they were a year ago, showed a survey released on Wednesday.
Rio Tinto ready to buy Riversdale for 3.8 billion Australian
dollars
Rio Tinto is ready to make a 3.8 billion Australian dollars (3.79 billion U.S.
dollars) takeover bid for coal mining firm Riversdale Mining to increase coal
production, local media reported on Wednesday.  According to The Australian, Rio
is understood to have bid about 16 Australian dollars a share for Riversdale,
boosting a previous 15 Australian dollars per share proposal.
Navy rescues nine people in Fiji waters
The Fiji Navy said on Wednesday that its patrol boat RFNS Kiro on Tuesday night
rescued nine people who were drifting in waters between capital Suva and Kadavu,
one of the islands in the Fiji Group.
Dollar trades at upper 83 yen level in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the upper 83 yen range early Wednesday in Tokyo.
Australian economy continues to slow in October: latest data
Latest data suggested on Wednesday that Australian economy continued to slow in
October to a more moderate pace, but strong growth is tipped in early months of
2011.
Urgent: Japan's exports rise 9.1 pct in Nov.
Japan's exports climbed 9.1 percent in November from a year earlier, the
Ministry of Finance said in a report Wednesday, marking the 12th straight month
of growth.
Top RBA official takes OECD financial markets chair
Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) Assistant Governor Malcolm Edey has been elected
chairman of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)
committee on financial markets, the RBA announced on Wednesday.
1st LD: Japan's exports rise 9.1 pct in Nov, but trade balance
slumps
Japan's exports rose 9.1 percent in November from a year earlier, the Ministry
of Finance (MOF) said in a report on Wednesday, marking the 12th straight month
of growth.
2nd LD Writethru: Japan's exports rise 9.1 pct in Nov, but trade
balance slumps
Japan's exports rose 9.1 percent in November from a year earlier, the Ministry
of Finance (MOF) said in a report on Wednesday, marking the 12th straight month
of growth.
Media unveils sailors use Navy ships to import drugs into
Australia
By Vienna Ma
3rd LD Writethru: M7.4 quake hits Ogasawara Islands in Pacific
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.4 jolted Ogasawara Islands in
the Pacific early Wednesday, said the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA), which
issued a tsunami warning.
Foot-and-mouth disease spreads in S. Korea
The spread of foot-and-mouth disease has extended to a region east of Seoul
despite nationwide quarantine efforts, the government said Wednesday.
Nepali gov't formally seeks UN mission logistics
Though the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) (UCPN-M) has been seeking
an extension for the United Nations Mission in Nepal's (UNMIN) till May, the
government sent a formal letter asking the UN to leave behind its monitoring
equipment and logistic support after the mission's departure next month.
Singapore Airlines Cargo buys stake in China Cargo
Singapore Airlines Cargo (SIA Cargo) is planning to buy a 16 percent stake in
Shanghai-based China Cargo Airlines Co. Ltd, a subsidiary of China Eastern
Airlines, local media reported on Tuesday.
S. Korea to conduct firing drill in East Sea: Yonhap
The South Korea Defense Ministry has announce to hold naval firing exercises off
the east coast from Wednesday through Friday that will include six naval ships
and Lynx anti-submarine helicopters, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reporte
Wednesday.
Urgent: S. Korea to conduct firing drill in East Sea: Yonhap
The South Korea Defense Ministry has announce to hold naval firing exercises off
the east coast from Wednesday through Friday that will include six naval ships
and Lynx anti-submarine helicopters, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported
Wednesday.
1st LD: S. Korea to conduct firing drill in east coast
The South Korea Defense Ministry has announce to hold naval firing exercises off
the east coast from Wednesday through Friday that will include six naval ships
and Lynx anti-submarine helicopters, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported
Wednesday.
Urgent: 5.8-magnitude quake rocks Indonesia's Yogyakarta,
triggering panic
A 5.8-magnitude earthquake rocked Indonesia's Yogyakarta province at 10:59 local
time (0359) on Tuesday.
Australia's Foreign Affairs Department issues warning on dodgy
visa websites
Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) on Wednesday issued a
warning of dodgy websites that offer visa services.
Gunmen release two Malaysian captives in southern Philippines
After ten months in captivity, gunmen linked with Al Qaeda released two
Malaysian hostages in the southern Philippines, police said Wednesday.
1st LD: 5.8-magnitude quake rocks Indonesia's Yogyakarta,
triggers panic
A 5.8-magnitude earthquake rocked Indonesia's Yogyakarta province at 10:59 a.m.
local time (0359) on Tuesday.
More Australian families demand for help in Christmas: charity
Australian charities on Wednesday said they are experiencing a significant
increase in demand for help by families in the lead-up to Christmas.
Most mobile towers unsafe in Nepal: UNDP study
Nepal's telecom service providers have set up more than 550 mobile towers in
capital Kathmandu Valley and 3,000 altogether in the country in a bid to expand
services.
Urgent: Thai gov't lifts emergency decree for Bangkok, three
other provinces
Thai Cabinet, in its weekly meeting on Tuesday, decided to lift the state of
emergency for Bangkok and three surrounding provinces, with Internal Security
Act to be imposed on these areas instead, Thai media TAN network reported.
Most mobile towers unsafe in Nepal: UNDP study
Nepal's telecom service providers have set up more than 550 mobile towers in
capital Kathmandu Valley and 3,000 altogether in the country in their bid to
expand services. But how safe are these base transcriber stations (BTS) from
natural disasters like earthquakes.
2nd LD Writethru: 5.8-magnitude quake rocks Indonesia's
Yogyakarta, triggers panic
A 5.8-magnitude earthquake rocked Indonesia's Yogyakarta province at 10:59 a.m.
local time (0359) on Tuesday.
5.0-magnitude hits central Indonesia
A moderate earthquake measuring 5. 0 on the Richter scale hit central Indonesia
of Gorontalo province at 12:21 p.m. local time (0421 GMT) on Tuesday, the
Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics said here in a statement.
News Analysis: What's behind Thai govt's decision to lift
Emergency Decree?
By Nutthathirataa Withitwinyuchon
Malaysia duo held by Filipino gunmen freed
Two Malaysians kidnapped by five Filipino gunmen on the seaweed farm around
Sebangkat Island near Semporna in Sabah, a state in East Malaysia, on Feb. 8
have been freed on Wednesday.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,118.82 points Wednesday, 58.5 points
higher from the previous close of 19,060.32 points on rises of world bourses.
S. Korean president convenes National Security Council meeting
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak convened a National Security Council
meeting Tuesday, a day after the country conducted a live-fire drill despite
warnings from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
Indonesia's airlines add 320 flights for holidays
Indonesian air operators have scheduled an extra 320 flights, with many of those
serving popular tourist destinations, during the Christmas and New Year period,
the Jakarta Post quoted an official as saying on Wednesday.
Foot-and-mouth disease inches toward Seoul
South Korea confirmed an additional case of foot-and-mouth disease Tuesday at a
cattle farm in Gapyeong, Gyeonggi Province, indicating that the disease has
spread across the area near the capital despite quarantine efforts.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 21
Australian Customs on Tuesday confirmed they have intercepted two suspected
asylum seeker boats off Christmas Island in 24 hours.
1st LD: Thai cabinet lifts emergency in Bangkok
Thai cabinet decided to lift the state of emergency in Bangkok and three
surrounding provinces effective on Wednesday, government spokesman Panitan
Wattanayagorn said on Tuesday, eight months after the special security decree
was imposed to handle the then ongoing anti- government rallies.
Air New Zealand's deal with Virgin Blue gets go-ahead
New Zealand Transport Minister Steven Joyce on Tuesday gave his approval to a
trans-Tasman tie- up between Air New Zealand and Virgin Blue.
Record number of Chinese visitors in New Zealand
The number of Chinese people visiting New Zealand last month was the highest
ever for the month of November, Statistics New Zealand said on Tuesday.
Gun battle leaves 4 militants dead in N. Afghanistan
Clash between police and Taliban fighters left four insurgents dead in northern
Takhar province on Monday, a local official said Tuesday.
Urgent: Afghan forces kill 27 militants: official
Afghan forces backed by NATO-led troops eliminated 27 Taliban militants in the
eastern Ghazni province, an army officer in the province Daud Shah Wafadar said
Wednesday.
Australian mortgage delinquencies rise
More Australian mortgage holders are falling further behind in their repayments
because of the interest rate rise, according to a new report by the
international ratings agency Fitch Ratings released on Tuesday.
(Sports) Roundup: Int'l canyoning festival to be held in Nepal
A weeklong International Canyoning Festival is being organized at Synage Gharmu
area of Lamjung in western Nepal in April 2011, the first of its kind in South
Asia.
Roundup: Mining tax transition group makes 94 recommendations to
Australian gov't
By Vienna Ma
S. Korea sets mandatory military service period at 21 months
South Korea on Tuesday decided to set the compulsory military service period at
21 months amid growing concerns over a weakening of defense capabilities in the
wake of a series of provocations by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK).
Special flight to fly back Thai tourists' bodies
A special flight will be deployed to fly back the bodies of 24 Thai tourists
killed in Monday's tour bus accident at Cameron Highlands, one of the famous
highlands in Pahang, a central state in Peninsula Malaysia.
Roundup: Philippine stocks marginally higher in listless trade
Extended bargain hunting on selected issues propped up the Philippine stock
market on Tuesday.
Japanese FM offers apology to Okinawans over U.S. base issue
Japanese Foreign Minister Seiji Maehara on Tuesday offered an apology to
Okinawans for the failure of the ruling Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) to
remove the U.S. Marine Corps' Futenma Air Station outside of the southernmost
prefecture of Okinawa.
Nikkei closes 1.51 pct higher
Tokyo stocks closed sharply higher Tuesday with the key Nikkei index up 1.51
percent.
Roundup: Standoff with DPRK tops political agenda in S. Korea
By Kim Junghyun
S. Korea to reduce tariffs on 67 items in 2011
South Korea said Tuesday it will reduce tariffs on a total of 67 items in 2011
to tackle inflationary pressure and stabilize low- and mid-income household
lives.
Malaysian PM says he created 1Malaysia concept
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak stressed here on Tuesday that the
"1Malaysia" concept aimed at bringing Malaysians of all races to unity was
created by him.
Thai bus victims to be flown home Wednesday
A Thai air force C-130 transport aircraft will fly to Malaysia on Wednesday to
bring home the Thais who were killed and injured in the horrific bus accident on
Monday, the Thai Foreign Ministry deputy spokesman said on Tuesday.
News Analysis: Retail recession unveils unbalanced economy in
Australia
By Fu Yunwei
S. Korea revamps national crisis management system
South Korea will bolster its crisis management system to better deal with
national crises, the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae said Tuesday.
Roundup: S. Korean shares soar on eased tension on Korean
Peninsula
Seoul shares closed higher Tuesday, settling another yearly high, as
geopolitical risks waned after the military drill, local analysts said.
India, Russia ink 30 pacts on defense, nuclear, space
India and Russia Tuesday inked 30 pacts in defense, nuclear and space, and
signed two framework agreements on setting up of two more nuclear reactors in
this country, said Indian officials.
Japan's central bank maintains key interest rate between zero and
0.1 pct
The Bank of Japan (BOJ) on Tuesday kept its key interest rate unchanged between
zero and 0.1 percent in a widely expected decision as the yen has shown recent
signs of weakening against the U.S. dollar and given Japan's fragile economic
recovery a boost.
Flood damage in southern Thailand estimated at 1 bln USD: central
bank
The estimated damage caused by recent flooding in 12 southern provinces was
35.37 billion baht (1. 17 billion dollars), a Bank of Thailand official said on
Tuesday.
Indonesia steps up security at Christmas, New Year Eve
Indonesian police and military will boost security ahead of Christmas and New
Year Eve, focusing on the possibility of militant attacks, national police
spokesman Untung Yoga Ana said here on Tuesday.
Volkswagen to take part in 322-mln-U.S.-dollar venture in
Malaysia
Volkswagen, one of the largest car makers based in Europe, signed a
collaboration and license agreement with Malaysian conglomerate DRB-Hicom here
on Tuesday to appoint the latter to locally assemble its vehicles in Malaysia.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 21
The number of Chinese people visiting New Zealand last month was the highest
ever for the month of November, Statistics New Zealand said on Tuesday.
Roundup: Nikkei climbs 1.51 pct to 7-month high on China's
eurozone support
Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday, with the key Nikkei stock index climbing 1.51 percent
to a seven-month closing high as Chinese equities reversed Monday's losses and a
U. S. Federal Reserve official said future growth of the world's largest economy
may be faster than experts' predictions.
Australian dollar ends higher
The Australian dollar ended the local session almost one US cent higher on
Tuesday after encouraging comments on the European debt crisis boosted market
confidence.
Vietnam's pepper export revenue increase 23 pct in first 11
months
Vietnam earned 397 million U.S. dollars from pepper export in first eleven
months of this year, a year-on-year increase of 23 percent, said a report of
Vietnam's General Statistics Office on Tuesday.
Singapore shares end 0.22 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 6.89 points or 0.22 percent on Tuesday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,132.96 points.
Indonesia must do more on people smuggling: Australian MP
Australian Independent federal Member of Parliament (MP) Tony Windsor on Tuesday
said Indonesia and the United Nations must do more to stop people smuggling.
Dollar at upper 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 83 yen level Tuesday in Tokyo.
Indian stocks close up 0.86 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 171.44 points or 0.86 percent Tuesday
on rally of world stock markets.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 21
The Philippine market finished Tuesday's session up by 0.36 percent.
NATO denies planning to conduct operation against militants in
Pakistan
The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Tuesday rejected
The New York Times reports that the military alliance commanders are planning to
conduct military operations against militants into Pakistani soil, a statement
of the alliance released here said.
Smuggled wildlifes saved in Malaysia
Over 1,000 wild animals have been seized from a suspected lorry here in the main
border town of Kedah, a northern state in Peninsula Malaysia bordering Thailand.
Roundup: Russia backs India becoming member of Shanghai
Cooperation Organization
Russia Tuesday expressed its support to India becoming a full member of the
Shanghai Cooperation Organization, and vowed to seek closer coordination with
New Delhi over Afghanistan.
Roundup: Myanmar works for booming tourism through int'l
activities
By Feng Yingqiu
IED blast kills NATO soldier in S. Afghanistan
A soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) was
killed Tuesday in an Improvised Explosive Device (IED) attack in Afghanistan's
restive southern provinces, the military alliance said.   "An International
Security Assistance Force service member died following an improvised explosive
device attack in southern Afghanistan today," ISAF said in a brief statement
released here to media.
Hotels, private colleges may have to submit foreigner lists to
police
Hotels and private institutions of higher learning in Malaysia may be made
compulsory to submit their lists of foreign guests and students to nearby police
stations for monitoring purposes.
Roundup: Selling at higher levels drags KSE lower
By Jawad Hussain
Feature: Yeonpyeong Island quiet after live-fire drill
By Chen Yi
Philippines to continue tight spending policy: Aquino
Despite a 482-million-peso (10.90 million U.S. dollars) budget surplus in
November, the Philippine government will continue on its path of judicious
spending, President Benigno Aquino III said on Tuesday.
Vietnam surpasses export target: report
Vietnam's export turnover is expected to go up 23 percent year-on-year to reach
71 billion U.S. dollars this year, or 6.2 percent higher than the set target,
said a report by the Ministry of Industry and Trade on Tuesday.
Moderate quake hits western Indonesia
JAKARTA, Dec. 21 (Xinhua) - A 5.8-magnitude earthquake jolted western
Indonesia's West Sumatra province on Tuesday, but there was no immediate report
of casualties or material damage, according to the website of Indonesian
Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 21
The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF) on Tuesday rejected
The New York Times reports that the military alliance commanders are planning to
conduct military operations against militants into Pakistani soil, a statement
of the alliance released here said.
1st LD: Magnitude-7.4 earthquake hits Pacific off Japan's Bonin
Islands, tsunami warning issued
An earthquake measuring 7.4 on the Richter scale hit Japan's Bonin Islands early
Wednesday morning, and the Japanese authorities have issued a tsunami warning.
2nd LD Writethru: Major quake hits Ogasawara Islands in Pacific,
tsunami warning issued
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.4 jolted Ogasawara Islands in
the Pacific early Wednesday, said the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA), which
issued a tsunami warning.
4th LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo insists he is president, lifts
curfew: media
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo reiterated in a television speech that he is the
country's president, media reports said on Tuesday.
Uganda beefs up security ahead of Christmas festive season
Ugandan police has beefed up security ahead of the Christmas festive season, a
police spokesperson said here on Monday.
Kenyan vice president appeals for calm in wake of blast
Kenyan Vice President Kalonzo Musyoka on Tuesday appealed to Kenyans to remain
calm following the blast that occurred on Monday night.
Nigerian electoral body raises security alarm over polls
Nigeria's Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said the
commission is facing huge security challenges ahead of the 2011 general
election.
Kenyan leader condemns Kampala-bound bus blast
Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki on Tuesday strongly condemned the blast on a
Kampala-bound bus in Nairobi on Monday evening.
Nigeria issues fresh security directive across airports
The Nigerian government has ordered that all cargoes arriving the nation's
airports must be taken to cargo sheds within 30 minutes on arrival.
Yearender: Kenya's economy suffers due to surge in piracy
by Daniel Ooko
South Africa says undocumented Zimbabweans should go home
Undocumented Zimbabweans who have been denied study, work and business permits
should "go home" before they are deported, South African home affairs minister
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma told Johannesburg's New Age newspaper on Tuesday.
Urgent: ECOWAS to hold emergency summit on Cote d'Ivoire on
Friday: media report
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) announced on Tuesday that
it would hold an emergency summit on the situation in Cote d'Ivoire on Friday,
media report said.
1st LD-Writethru: ECOWAS to hold emergency summit on Cote
d'Ivoire
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) announced on Tuesday that
it would hold an emergency summit on the situation in Cote d'Ivoire on Friday.
Uganda joins Kenya in investigating Monday grenade attacks
Ugandan police on Tuesday announced here that it has joined its Kenyan
counterparts to probe the Monday evening blasts that left three people dead and
dozens injured in Nairobi.
AU,  EU sign infrastructure project agreement
The African Union Commission (AUC) and the European Union (EU) on Tuesday signed
an infrastructure project agreement amounting to 1 million Euros at the AU
Headquarters in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
China loans Congo 75.8 mln USD for medical, agricultural
development
China on Tuesday concluded with the Republic of Congo an interest-free loan
agreement of 500 million RMB (75.8 million U. S. dollars) for the development of
medical care and agriculture in the Central African country.
World Youth Festival in South Africa ends with march
The 17th World Festival of Youth and Students ended with a march through the
South African capital Pretoria on Tuesday.
Urgent: Kenyan says Tanzanian behind city blast
Kenyan authorities confirmed on Tuesday a Tanzanian who was headed to the
Ugandan capital Kampala on a terrorism mission was behind the grenade attack
which ripped through a Kampala-bound bus, killing at least three people.
1st LD Writethru: Kenyan says Tanzanian behind city blast
Kenyan authorities confirmed on Tuesday a Tanzanian who was headed to the
Ugandan capital Kampala on a terrorism mission was behind the grenade attack
which ripped through a Kampala-bound bus, killing at least three people.
Conde inaugurated as Guinea's new president
Alpha Conde was inaugurated as Guinea's new president here on Tuesday.
African Union condemns terrorist attack in Kenya
The African Union (AU) on Tuesday condemned the previous day's terrorist attack
in Kenya.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo insists he is president: media
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo reiterated in a television address that he is the
country's president, media reports said on Tuesday.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo insists he is president, lifts
curfew: media
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo reiterated in a television address that he is the
country's president, media reports said on Tuesday.
2nd LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo insists he is president, lifts
curfew: media
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo reiterated in a television address that he is the
country's president, media reports said on Tuesday.
3rd LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo insists he is president, lifts
curfew: media
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo reiterated in a television speech that he is the
country's president, media reports said on Tuesday.
Urgent: UN Security Council area evacuated due to "unidentified
odor"
The UN Security Council area is being evacuated on Tuesday morning due to
"unidentified odor," UN spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters here, adding the UN
is working with the local authorities to find out the source of the odor.
Eurozone stability main challenge for EU, says Von Rompuy
European Council President Herman von Rompuy said on Tuesday that the stability
of the eurozone is a key challenge for the EU.
1st Ld-Writethru: UN Security Council area evacuated due to
"unidentified odor"
The UN Security Council area is being evacuated on Tuesday morning due to
"unidentified odor," UN spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters here, adding the UN
is working with the local authorities to find out the source of the odor.
Russian stocks close higher
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed on Tuesday with both key indexes
higher.
Obama congratulates Iraq on government formation
U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday congratulated Iraq after the Iraqi
parliament approved the new cabinet submitted by Prime Minister-designate Nuri
al- Maliki, which ends a nine-month political deadlock following the March
parliamentary elections.
EU approves News Corp's bid to own BSkyB
European Union (EU) regulators on Tuesday approved News Corp's bid to own
British and Irish pay TV operator BSkyB, saying the deal will not impede
competition in the market.
Urgent: New START treaty set to pass key vote in U.S. Senate:
report
The new START treaty is set to pass a key vote in the U.S. Senate, with nine
Republican senators' announcements of support, according to CNN reports on
Tuesday.
German consumer confidence slips slightly
German consumer confidence has taken a breather following six months of
continuous rise, as expectations grow that the country's strong recovery will
moderate next year, the consumer sentiment index of the Nuremberg-based market
research company GfK showed on Tuesday.
Urgent: U.S. population up 9.7 percent in decade: census
The U.S. population grew 9.7 percent in the past decade, the slowest growth
since the 1930s, the Census Bureau said on Tuesday.
1st Ld: New START treaty set to pass key vote in U.S. Senate:
report
The new START treaty is set to pass a key vote in the U.S. Senate, with nine
Republican senators' announcements of support, according to CNN reports on
Tuesday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: UN Security Council area evacuated due to
"unidentified odor"
The UN Security Council area is being evacuated on Tuesday morning due to
"unidentified odor," UN spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters here, adding the UN
is working with the local authorities to find out the source of the odor.
1st Ld: U.S. population up 9.7 percent in decade: census
The U.S. population grew 9.7 percent over the last decade, the slowest growth
since the 1930s, the Census Bureau said on Tuesday.
U.S. stocks moderately higher on dealmaking
The U.S. stocks were modestly higher in early trading on Tuesday as a batch of
dealmaking news helped the market carry on the rising momentum.
At least one killed in helicopter crash in Puerto Rico
A Puerto Rico National Guard helicopter with 6 people on board crashed in the
northern coast region, and so far the body of one victim has been found,
Director of the Emergency Management Agency in Puerto Rico Nino Correa said on
Tuesday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: New START treaty set to pass key vote in U.S.
Senate
The new START treaty is set to pass a key vote in the U.S. Senate, with nine
Republican senators having announced their support, according to CNN reports on
Tuesday.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Tuesday, with the leading FTSE 100
index up 60.19 points, or 1.02 percent, at 5,951.80 points.
Urgent: Magnitude-7.4 earthquake hits Japan's Bonin Islands,
tsunami warning issued
An earthquake measuring 7.4 on the Richter scale hit Japan's Bonin Islands early
Wednesday morning, and the Japanese authorities have issued a tsunami warning.
Former Bayern keeper Rensing to join Bayern
Struggling Cologne have been seeking to strengthen its squad by taking in Bayern
Munich's former goalkeeper Michael Rensing in the January transfer window.
Urgent: "Suspicious odor" in UN possibly caused by "high tides in
East River"
The "suspicious odor" which prompted the evacuation of the UN General Assembly
building and the UN Security Council hall area earlier on Tuesday was "possibly
caused by high tides in the East River," along which the UN Headquarters are
located, and "the gases released that were causing the smell were deemed not to
be harmful," a UN spokesman told reporters here.
UN chief calls for action to tackle crises, spur sustainable
development
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon said here on Tuesday that the Security Council
must take action on crises around the world and the international community must
invest in sustainable development.
UN chief hails formation of Iraqi new government
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Tuesday welcomed the announcement of Iraq's
new government, calling it a "major step forward" in the country's democratic
progress, following a nine-month political deadlock since the March
parliamentary elections.
2nd Ld-Writethru: U.S. population up 9.7 percent in decade:
census
The U.S. population grew 9.7 percent over the last decade, the slowest growth
since the 1930s, the Census Bureau said on Tuesday.
UN chief expresses "deep concern" over Sudan clashes, calls for
"restraint"
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon on Tuesday expressed "deep concern" over
clashes between the armed Minni Minawi branch of the Sudan Liberation Army (SLA-
MM) and the Sudanese government forces.
Road accident kills nine in Russia
Nine people were killed and seven were injured in a collision of a passenger bus
and a truck in Russia's Krasnoyarsk territory Tuesday, according to a source
from the Russian Interior Ministry's Traffic Security Department.
Hungary EU presidency website launched
Hungary has launched an official website, www.eu2011.hu, for its upcoming tenure
of the EU's rotating presidency. The six-month period will begin when Belgium
officially hands over the presidency to Hungary on Jan. 6.
EU to issue bonds in January to raise money for Ireland
The European Union (EU) and the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF)
will begin to issue bonds in January to provide financial aid to Ireland, the
European Commission said on Tuesday.
Subways in U.S. capital area start random bag inspections
U.S. law enforcement officers on Tuesday began conducting random inspections of
carry-on items on the Metro system in the capital area. It's the first time such
measures have been adopted in the region to enhance transportation security.
Ukraine adopts environmental policy strategy
The Ukrainian parliament on Tuesday adopted a law on the basic strategy of state
environmental policy until 2020, the parliament's office said in a statement.
British tourism to recover in coming year
Britain will attract 300,000 more visitors in 2011 as confidence among overseas
tourists continues to rise despite global financial uncertainties, VisitBritain
predicted on Tuesday.
1st Ld-Writethru: "Suspicious odor" in UN possibly caused by
"high tides in East River"
The "suspicious odor" which prompted the evacuation of the UN General Assembly
building and the UN Security Council hall area earlier on Tuesday was "possibly
caused by high tides in the East River," along which the UN Headquarters are
located, and "the gases released that were causing the smell were deemed not to
be harmful," a UN spokesman told reporters here.
Azerbaijan to start exporting oil to Belarus
Belarus is going to import oil from Azerbaijan, with the first shipment
scheduled for March 2011, said a senior official from the Belarusian state-owned
petrochemical company Belneftekhim on Tuesday.
Dutch authorities investigate pedophile advocacy website
The Dutch public prosecutor has launched an investigation into pro-pedophilia
website and organization Martijn, local media reported on Tuesday.
"Uncharacteristic" odor prompts Pfizer to recall more bottles of
Lipitor
Drug maker Pfizer on Tuesday announced the fourth recall of the cholesterol drug
Lipitor since August.
Urgent: Gold further hikes on EU debt worries
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on
Tuesday further hiked, as Fitch Ratings said it may lower its rating for Greece,
fueling concerns about the scope of the European sovereign-debt crisis.
Pentagon denies report over possible ground operations in
Pakistan
Pentagon spokesman Dave Lapan on Tuesday denied a report that the United States
is planning to conduct ground operations in Pakistan.
Sudden infant deaths most common on New Year's Day: study
More babies die of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) in the United States on
New Year's Day than any other day of the year, a new study finds.
Obama reassures Hispanic Caucus on commitment to immigration
reform
After a major setback in immigration reform over the weekend, U.S. President
Barack Obama on Tuesday reassured the Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) on his
commitment to a comprehensive immigration reform.
Russian, DPRK diplomats discuss situation on Korean peninsula
Diplomats of Russia and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) met
here Tuesday and discussed possible measures to stabilize the situation on
Korean peninsula.
Urgent: Oil climbs near 90 USD a barrel
Crude prices rose on Tuesday to near 90 U.S. dollars a barrel. Light, sweet
crude for February delivery rose 45 cents to 89.82 dollars a barrel on the New
York Mercantile.
At least 12 killed, 17 injured as trailer truck hits cars on
Mexican highway
At least 12 people, including six policemen, were killed and 17 more were
injured when an articulated truck carrying 30 tons of iron rods smashed into
seven cars on the highway linking Mexico City to Puebla in the early hours of
Tuesday, Milenio television reported.
Urgent: Slovenian minister resigns due to drunk driving
Slovenian Minister of Local Government and Regional Development Henrik Gjerkes
resigned Tuesday after he was caught drunk driving.
1st LD Writethru: Slovenian minister resigns due to drunk driving
Slovenian Minister of Local Government and Regional Development Henrik Gjerkes
resigned Tuesday after he was caught drunk driving.
Gold further hikes on EU debt worries
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on
Tuesday further hiked, as Fitch Ratings said it may lower its rating for Greece,
fueling concern about the scope of the European sovereign-debt crisis.
Urgent: U.S. Senate decides to bring full vote on nuke treaty
with Russia
The U.S. Senate decided on Tuesday to bring full vote on a nuclear arms treaty
with Russia, long sought by President Barack Obama and the Democrats.
U.S. imposes travel ban on supporters of Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo
The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday that it will impose travel
restrictions on supporters of Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo.
Crude prices climb on uprising demand expectation
Crude prices on Tuesday climbed for the third straight day to near 90 U.S.
dollars a barrel on higher demand expectation.
Bloomberg proposes overhaul of the New York State juvenile
justice system
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg outlined a comprehensive plan on Tuesday to
overhaul the New York State's juvenile justice system by allowing localities the
authority to operate all juvenile services.
Urgent: U.S. stocks reach new highs
The U.S. stocks extended gains modestly on Tuesday. All three major indexes hit
new highs at the closing.
Roundup: Snow and freezing temperatures expose Britain's weakness
to cold weather
Continued freezing temperatures on Tuesday prolonged the transport chaos that
has gripped Britain for four days, and weather forecasters predicted that ice
and snow would remain on the ground until at least Dec. 26.
NY Attorney General Cuomo sues Ernst &amp; Young for assisting Lehman
fraud
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo filed a lawsuit on Tuesday against the
accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young, accusing it of helping Lehman cover up its
declining health in the years before its 2008 collapse.
Gabon spearheads global effort to increase awareness of plight of
widows worldwide
The spotlight shines on the plight of some 245 million widows around the world,
many of them poor and destitute, following unanimous passage in the UN General
Assembly of a resolution on Tuesday declaring June 23 the International Widows
Day.
Taking whole-fat dairy products may lower type 2 diabetes risk:
study
Whole-fat dairy products contain a fatty acid that may lower the risk of type 2
diabetes, a new study suggests.
IMF concludes 403 metric tons of gold sales
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) announced on Tuesday the conclusion of the
limited sales program covering 403.3 metric tons of gold that was approved by
the IMF executive board in September 2009.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as euro falls on fear of more credit
downgrades
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Tuesday, as Portugal was in downgrade watching list of rating agency.
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks hit new highs on market optimism
The U.S. stocks extended gains modestly on Tuesday on market optimism, with all
three major indexes hitting new highs.
Czech government coalition wins no-confidence vote
Czech ruling centre-right coalition survived Tuesday political crisis when it
won a no-confidence vote filed by opposition in Lower House of Parliament by
113:80 votes.
1st Ld-Writethru: Dollar mixed as euro falls on fear of more
credit downgrades
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Tuesday, as Portugal was in downgrade watching list of rating agency.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. Senate to vote on arms treaty with Russia
The U.S. Senate decided on Tuesday to bring full vote on a nuclear arms treaty
with Russia, long sought by President Barack Obama and the Democrats.
Romania regrets over French, German request to delay its Schengen
entry
Romania on Tuesday expressed regret over a French and German request to delay
the country's Schengen accession, stressing the move could risk sapping the
credibility of the EU evaluation processes.
News Analysis: Montenegrin PM resigns, but still powerful
The longest serving political leader in the former Yugoslav region, Montenegrin
Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic, resigned as head of government on Tuesday,
saying it is time for new leadership and that he intends to turn to business.
Chicago soybean refreshes 5-week high, corn registers 4th
straight rise
Chicago soybeans futures refreshed its 5-week high on Tuesday and corn also
advanced, registering a 4th straight rise, as adverse weather is likely to cut
supply in South America. But wheat retreated from its 1-weak high.
French Ligue 1 result
Following is the French Ligue 1 result on Tuesday:
Roundup: U.S. stocks rally to new highs on deal making news
U.S. stocks carried its rising momentum to another day on deal making news and
upbeat corporate earnings, pushing major indexes to a fresh two-year closing
high.
UN chief slams post-election attacks on UN mission in Cote
d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Tuesday assailed post-election actions in
Cote d'Ivoire by supporters of Laurent Gbagbo against the UN Operation in the
Cote d'Ivoire (UNOCI), and the Ivorian civilian population.
Lorient, Montpellier scoreless in French Ligue 1
Lorient were held to a scoreless draw at home with Montpellier squandering
numerous chances on Tuesday before the winter break.
EU presidency an opportunity for Hungary, says Van Rompuy
Herman Van Rompuy, President of the European Council, said on Tuesday that the
rotating presidency was a challenge but also an opportunity for a member country
to prove it is capable of handling European affairs.
Zico approves Flamengo's desire for Ronaldinho
Flamengo's biggest soccer idol Zico declared his approval on Tuesday for the
club's sudden interest in acquiring star midfielder Ronaldinho Gaucho.
FIFA awarded tax-free in Brazil to organize 2014 World Cup
Brazilian government published on Tuesday in the official Gazette a law that
establishes a series of exemptions from federal taxes for the FIFA to organize
the 2014 World Cup and the Confederations Cup in 2013.
Canada promises better monitoring rivers in oil sands areas
The Canadian government will create a new water monitoring system to determine
whether major waterways in Canada's north are being polluted with effluent from
the huge oil sands petroleum extraction operations in the western Canadian
province of Alberta, national Environment Minister John Baird announced Tuesday.
UN peacekeeping chief calls on supporters to Cote d'Ivoire's
Gbagbo to stop provocation
The UN peacekeeping chief on Tuesday voiced his deep concerns over reports in
Cote d'Ivoire that forces loyal to incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo are trying
to provoke and instigate violence towards the UN Mission in Cote d 'Ivoire
(UNOCI), and called on those forces to "stop immediately provocation."
Romania says French, German move to delay its Schengen entry
"discriminatory"
Romania will not accept any discrimination, even if it comes from the most
powerful states of the European Union, said President Traian Basescu Tuesday in
reply to France and Germany's move to postpone Romania's Schengen accession.
Spanish Cup results
Followoing are the results of the Spanish Cup on Tuesday:
Barca held to scoreless in Spanish Cup
Barcelona were held to a 0-0 draw by Athletic bilbao at the Nou Camp in the
Spanish Cup last 16 on Tuesday.
Canadian stocks soar with bank stocks recovering
Canadian stocks soared on Tuesday. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index closed up
171.87 points, or 1. 30 percent, at 13,365.15.
U.S. slaps sanctions on five Iranian companies
The United States on Tuesday slapped sanctions on five Iranian companies for
their alleged role in the country's missile and nuclear programs and support for
the Hezbollah militant group.
Feature: Global youth sets agenda for UN Security Council
by Liza Jansen
Benitez sacked by Inter
Rafa Benitez has been sacked as coach of Inter Miland in the wake of their World
Club Cup triumph, local media reported on Tuesday.
U.S. Fed announces dollar swap extension through August 2011
The U.S. Federal Reserve announced on Tuesday that it had authorized an
extension of its temporary U.S. dollar liquidity swap arrangements with the Bank
of Canada, the Bank of England, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Japan and
the Swiss National Bank.
ABN AMRO loses 5.5 million euros for cyber robbery
The Dutch ABN AMRO bank lost 5.5 million euros because of cyber robbery, local
media De Telegraaf reported on Tuesday.
France sees 2011 funding needs at 246 bln USD
France has set the value of its financial requirements at 187 billion euros
(246.37 billion U.S. dollars) for next year, less that an initial estimation of
189.4 billion euros (249.53 billion dollars), government data showed on Tuesday.
Nearly one in three U.S. working families low-income
People who became jobless during the recent economic recession are not the only
victims. A new study showed that more American working families, even though
managed to keep their jobs, have been kicked into the category of low-income
earners.
Feature: Greeks prepare to celebrate Christmas in austerity
By Maria Spiliopoulou
Interview: China-Belarus cooperative prospect bright: ambassador
by Xinhua writers Hai Yang, Sun Ping, Song Zongli
Roundup: 2010 important year for Sino-German relations
By Xinhua writer Zheng Qihang, Liu Xiang
Roundup: Putin urges soccer fans to pull apart with extremists
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Tuesday called on soccer fans to remain
independent and not to be manipulated by radicals and extremists.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's three major bourses
Founder of local al-Qaida media arm killed in clashes with Yemeni
troops
The Yemen-based al-Qaida wing announced the founder of its Arabic-language media
arm was killed in one of the clashes with Yemeni troops over the past few months
in a statement posted on jihadist forums on Tuesday.
Stocks close higher in Mexico, Brazil, lower in Argentina
Latin America's three major bourses all closed mixed Tuesday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0015 GMT, Dec. 22
The longest serving political leader in the former Yugoslav region, Montenegrin
Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic, resigned as head of government on Tuesday,
saying it is time for new leadership and that he intends to turn to business.
U.S. warns citizens against going to DPRK without permission
The U.S. State Department on Tuesday warned U.S. citizens against entering the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) without permission from the east
Asian country.
U.S. leaders congratulate Iraqi PM on government formation
U.S. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden on Tuesday both called
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to congratulate him on the long-stalled
formation of government, the White House said in a statement.
Yearender: Year of Canada: hope sparkles and dims
by Zhang Dacheng, Mark Bourrie
EU report shows need for reducing shipping pollution
Shipping pollution should be reduced to tackle climate change and prevent damage
to human health, a report from the European Commission said Tuesday.
Snow reveals "weak link" in EU travel chain
The severe travel disruption caused by heavy snow reveal a weak link in the
European travel chain, European Commissioner for Transport Siim Kallas said here
on Tuesday.
Mexico dismisses Salvadoran kidnapping claim
Mexico on Tuesday denied El Salvador's claim saying that a large number of
Central American migrants were kidnapped last week during a train raid in
southern Mexico.
U.S., British leaders discuss transition in Afghanistan
U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday called British Prime Minister David
Cameron and discussed next steps in preparing for the start of transition in
Afghanistan in early 2011.
U.S., British leaders discuss transition in Afghanistan
U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday called British Prime Minister David
Cameron and discussed next steps in preparing for the start of transition in
Afghanistan in early 2011.
Panama issues sanitary alert due to cholera
Panama's government Tuesday declared a sanitary alert to prevent the spread of
cholera, which has been sweeping across Haiti since October.
Moody's threat to cut Portuguese ratings raises loans interest to
6.7 percent
LISBON, December 21 (Xinhua) - Moody's threat to revise Portuguese sovereign
ratings and lower it up to two levels is having a strong impact on the
Portuguese secondary debt market Tuesday.
Chilean President delivers subsidies for earthquake-tsunami
victims
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera on Tuesday said that the Housing Ministry has
given subsidies to 100,000 people affected by the Feb. 27 earthquake and
tsunami, even though the opposition group in Congress questioned the figures.
Riot in Chilean prison injures 13
At least 13 prisoners were injured on Tuesday during a clash between prison
guards and more than 500 prisoners in the Antofagasta jail in the north of the
country.
U.S. House passes food security reform bill
The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday passed a food security reform bill,
designed to boost contamination-prevention efforts all along the food chain.
Anti-Jewish crimes up in L.A.
Hate crimes in general were down in Los Angeles County last year, but there were
more religiously motivated crimes targeting Jews, according to a report released
on Tuesday.
Brazil's balance of payments surplus up 9.7 percent in 2010
Brazil accumulated a surplus of 46.3 billion U.S. dollars in its balance of
payments in the first 11 months of 2010, the country's Central Bank announced on
Tuesday.
Brazilians' spending abroad in 2010 heads for record high
Spending by Brazilians traveling abroad is expected to reach a total of 16.5
billion U.S. dollars in 2010, a record high since 1947 when the country's
Central Bank started recording the figure.
Cuba expects to receive 2.5 million tourists in 2010
Cuban authorities plan to conclude 2010 with a total of 2.5 million tourists,
with an expected growth of 10 percent in the number of tourists for 2011, a
senior official of the Ministry of Tourism (Mintur) said on Tuesday.
British pupils publish research paper in academic journal
A primary school science project has for the first time appeared in Biology
Letters on Wednesday, which is an internationally recognized peer-reviewed
academic journal.
Yearender: EU undergoes reforms in debt crisis
by Xinhua writer Shang Jun
Venezuela sends condolences to Iran's earthquake victims
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Tuesday sent his condolences to victims of
Monday's earthquake in southeastern Iran.
Ecuador approves military agreements with Brazil,Venezuela
The Ecuadorian National Assembly on Tuesday approved a defense cooperation
agreement with Brazil and a military technical cooperation agreement with
Venezuela to boost Ecuador's defense industry.
WB approves 1.06  billion dollar credit for Argentina
The World Bank (WB) on Tuesday approved three assistance projects totaling 1.061
billion U.S. dollars for Argentina.
Roundup: German economy regains vitality, worries remain
by Xinhua Writer Zheng Qihang, Hu Xiaobing
News Analysis: Does Sarah Palin have a shot at U.S. presidency?
by Matthew Rusling
Britain, Russia expel diplomats suspected of espionage
Britain expelled on Tuesday a diplomat from Russia's embassy in London and
Russia responded in kind as the recent spat between the two countries over
espionage continues.
Last political hurdles for Canadian Arctic gas pipeline cleared
After 40 years of opposition from Canadian Indian and Eskimo groups and from
environmentalists, a pipeline to carry Arctic gas to southern Canada has won
support of native groups and been given federal approval.
Bolivian president issues new education law
Bolivian President Evo Morales Monday issued a new education law aimed at
providing equal access to education for all social sectors and implementing a
new decolonization education model.
MGM restructuring becomes effective, new owners step in
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. (MGM) said its reorganization plan became effective
Monday after the badly needed 500 million U.S. dollars to lift it out of
bankruptcy had been secured.
Brazil's green fund to focus on mitigation, adaptation in 2011
A new Brazilian green fund will mainly use its 140 million U.S. dollars next
year for mitigation and adaptation programs, the fund's steering committee said
at a meeting Monday.
Feature: Recession-affected Americans struggle to pull through
hard times
by Mark Weisenmiller
Bell Canada fined severely for violating do-not-call rules
Bell Canada, a major Canadian telecommunications company, was fined 1.3 million
Canadian dollars (about 1.3 million U.S. dollars) after telemarketing calls were
made to people who had specifically asked not to receive them.
3rd LD Writethru:  Powerful quake in southeastern Iran kills at
least 7
Seven people were killed and hundreds were injured after a magnitude 6.5
earthquake rocked Iran's southeastern city of Hosein Abad in Kerman province
Monday night, satellite channel Press TV reported on Tuesday.
Yearender: Ten major int'l issues to draw global attention in
2011
As 2010 draws to a close, 10 major international issues will be followed with
great interest as they will continue to be at the center of the world's
spotlight in the forthcoming year.
Mexican president hails release of former presidential candidate
Mexican President Felipe Calderon on Monday applauded the release of Diego
Fernandez de Cevallos, 1994 presidential candidate for Calderon's ruling
National Action Party, after a seven-month ordeal.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 21
Seven people were killed and hundreds were injured after a magnitude 6.5
earthquake rocked Iran's southeastern city of Hosein Abad in Kerman province
Monday night, satellite channel Press TV reported on Tuesday.
(Recast)Yearender: Ten major int'l issues to draw global
attention in 2011
As 2010 draws to a close, 10 major international issues will be followed with
great interest as they will continue to be at the center of the world's
spotlight in the forthcoming year.
About 20 women identified in "Grim Sleeper" photos
Police said Monday that they have identified about 20 women depicted in 180
photos seized from the home of the "Grim Sleeper" serial killer in Los Angeles.
Fewer films eligible for 83rd best picture Oscar: Academy
Two hundred forty-eight feature films are eligible for the 2010 Academy Award
for Best Picture, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said Monday.
London stock market higher in early trade
London stock market opened higher on Tuesday, with the leading FTSE 100 index up
by 42.70 points, or 0.72 percent, at 5,934.31 points in early trade.
DPRK paper denounces Japan's new defense program guidelines
Rodong Sinmun, a leading newspaper of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK), on Tuesday denounced Japan's new defense program guidelines as a war
plan.
Asia-Pacific sees longer life on better nutrition, sanitation:
OECD
Life expectancy across 22 Asian countries reached 71.6 years in 2008, more than
14 years older than the level in 1970, the Organization for Economic Cooperation
and Development (OECD) said Tuesday.
Interview: Italy's heritage disappearing due to neglect: expert
by Silvia Marchetti
Feature: Milan trying to play role as "pioneer of urban
sustainability" for Expo  2015
by Marzia De Giuli
CSTO concerned about threats of NATO expansion
Growth of NATO's military infrastructure and information campaign are the main
concerns for the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO), said the bloc's
Secretary General Nikolai Bordyuzha on Tuesday.
London stock market higher by midday
London stock market was higher by midday on Tuesday, with the leading FTSE 100
index up by 39.80 points, or 0.68 percent, at 5,931.41 points by noon.
Researchers analyze bacteria in 5,300-year-old Iceman's stomach
Researchers from the Swedish medical university Karolinska Institutet are trying
to determine if there are any resistant bacteria in the stomach of the 5,300
-year-old Iceman.
Russia to redeploy peacekeepers to Sudan
Russian military units in the United Nation's peacekeeping operation in Chad and
the Central African Republic (CAR) will leave these countries, Interfax news
agency reported on Tuesday.
DPRK discovers relics of kiln site dating back to Koryo Dynasty
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) recently unearthed relics of a
kiln site that dates back to the Koryo Dynasty in its southern city of Kaesong,
the official news agency KCNA reported Tuesday.
Azerbaijani president congratulates Lukashenko on reelection
Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev has sent a letter of congratulations to
Alexander Lukashenko on his reelection as the president of Belarus.
Urgent: Bomb found in Rome's subway station
ROME, Dec. 21 (Xinhua)- A bomb was found Tuesday morning at a subway station of
Rome, according to local news agency ANSA.
Azerbaijan ratifies strategic partnership accord with Turkey
The National Assembly of Azerbaijan on Tuesday ratified the agreement signed
August between Azerbaijan and Turkey on their strategic partnership and mutual
assistance.
EU approves aid to three Irish banks
The European Commission Tuesday approved state aid to three Irish banks to
maintain stability of the Irish financial sector.
1st LD: Bomb found in Rome's subway station
ROME, Dec. 21 (Xinhua)- A suspecting bomb was found Tuesday morning at a subway
station of Rome, according to local news agency ANSA.
Kim Jong Il stresses need of modernization based on latest
science, technology
Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK),
recently paid an inspection visit to the Huichon Ryonha General Machinery Plant,
the official news agency KCNA reported Tuesday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 21
A suspecting bomb was found Tuesday morning at a subway station of Rome,
according to local news agency ANSA.
Armenia still exploring whether there is uranium deposits
The Armenian energy minister said on Tuesday that the country would not be sure
about whether it has uranium resources and how much until the end of next year.
Putin vows to preserve Russia-Georgia good relations
Good neighbor relations and true partnership are the future of Russian-Georgian
relations, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Tuesday.
Georgian president congratulates Lukashenko on reelection
The president of the South Caucasus country of Georgia on Tuesday congratulated
Alexander Lukashenko on his reelection.
Internacional re-signs coach Celso Roth for 2011
Despite Internacional's disappointing third place finish in the 2010 Club World
Cup, the Brazilian team announced Tuesday to renew a contract with head coach
Celso Roth through 2011.
Rio to receive air monitoring equipment for 2016 Olympics
by Marcelo Cajueiro
Ceara announces Iarley's return
Corinthians starting striker Iarley was loaned to Ceara on Tuesday, marking the
player's return to his stomping grounds.
Yearender: Chinese swimmers fare well in 2010
By Sportswriter Li Jia
Yearender: Croatian coach brings hope to woeful Chinese soccer
By Sportswriter Yue Dongxing
German Cup fixtures
Following are the fixtures of the 16th round of the German Cup playing on
Wednesday (home team listed first):
Kakuta signs with Chelsea as ban overturned
Former Lens striker Gael Kakuta has sealed a new four and a half years contract
with Chelsea as the Premier League defending champions' ban over signing players
was overturned.
FIFA rules over Zambia's soccer impasse
World soccer governing body has made its ruling in the impasse that had engulfed
Zambian football in the last two months, which resulted in the creation of two
parallel executives, the Zambia Daily Mail reported on Tuesday.
Bangladesh to buy safety equipment to ensure security of Cricket
World Cup-2011
The Bangladeshi government will purchase safety equipment worth about 300
million taka (about 4.3 million U.S. dollars) to ensure security during the
Cricket World Cup-2011 to be held in February, local newspaper The Sun reported
Tuesday.
Gebrselassie to run Vienna half marathon
Marathon world record holder Haile Gebrselassie will compete in the Vienna half
marathon on April 17, 2011, local organizers said on Tuesday.
Austria's Schild wins women's World Cup slalom
Marlies Schild of Austria won the women's World Cup slalom race here on Tuesday.
Armenia to participate in World Chess Team Championship
Armenia is going to send its team to the eighth World Chess Team Championship
which will be held in Ningbo of China from July 16 to 27 next year.
FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup end of all competitions
The 2010/2011 FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup Jilin stage finished the last
competition with all two gold medals of snow skilling won by skiers from North
America.
Top South African cricketer unhurt in crash
One of South Africa's best known sportsmen, Jacques Kallis, crashed his luxury
Audi R8 car in Cape Town in the early hours of Tuesday morning.
Bayi stops Dongguan's undefeated run
Bayi beat Dongguan 93-77 to give Dongguan their first loss in the Chinese
Women's Basketball League (WCBA) season on Tuesday.
Ricky Ponting to be fit for Fourth Ashes Test in Melbourne:
Cricket Australia chief
Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland on Tuesday said he expects
captain Ricky Ponting to be fit for the fourth Ashes Test against England at the
Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) on Boxing Day.
Disqualified taekwondo athlete suspended for three months
A female taekwondo fighter of Chinese Taipei was suspended from competition for
three months, the World Taekwondo Federation (WTF) announced on Tuesday.
Six killed after coal mine shaft collapses in NW. China
Six workers were killed Tuesday after an abandoned mine shaft collapsed in the
capital city of northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, local coal
mine safety administration said.
1st Ld-Writethru-China Focus: Top negotiators expected to sign
cross-Strait investment  protection agreement next year
by Xinhua writer Li Huizi
2nd Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China raises gasoline, diesel
prices amid inflation  pressure
BEIJING, Dec.21 (Xinhua) - China will raise gasoline and diesel prices 310 yuan
(about 46 U.S. dollars) per tonne and 300 yuan per tonne, respectively,
beginning Wednesday, the National Development and Reform Commission(NDRC)
announced Tuesday.
China Exclusive: Chinese lawmakers divided on whether to
criminalize drunk driving
Chinese lawmakers on Tuesday continued discussing a draft amendment to the
country's Criminal Law which, if passed, could criminalize the act of "drunk
driving".
Magnitude-7.4 earthquake jolts Pacific off Japan's Ogasawara
Islands
An earthquake measuring 7.4 on the Richter scale jolted Japan's Ogasawara
Islands at 1:19 Beijing Time on Wednesday, according to the China Earthquake
Networks Center.
Netizens asked to vote yes about gov't performace
Netizens have been forced to say they were satisfied with at least half of the
government departments in a city of east China's Fujian Province on an online
poll, according to Wednesday's China Daily.
Ibis population not free from danger of extinction
China's conservation work for the endangered crested ibis is facing new
challenges, including an increasing mortality rate due to inbreeding, bird
experts have warned.
China's yuan advances to 6.6548 per USD Wednesday
The value of yuan gained as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6548 per U.S. dollar Wednesday, compared with Tuesday's
6.6597, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
Chinese shares open higher Wednesday
Chinese shares opened higher Wednesday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index up 0.23 percent to 2,910.73 at the opening.
China stock index futures open mixed Wednesday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Wednesday. The contract for settlement
in January 2011, the most actively traded, opened 0.4 points lower at 3,303.
ChiNext Index opens lower Wednesday
ChiNext stocks was down 0.25 points to open at 1,214.77 points Wednesday.
Hong Kong stocks open up 0.2 pct
Hong Kong stocks moved up 45.99 points, or 0.2 percent to open at 23,039.85 on
Wednesday.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 20 HK dollars to open at 12,870 HK dollars
per tael on Wednesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
China's most difficult, expensive railway operational
A railway considered as China's most difficult and expensive to build started
operation Wednesday.
Two killed, two injured in coal mine collapse in east China
A coal mine collapse has left two people dead and two injured in east China's
Shandong Province, local authorities said Wednesday.
Chinese shares close mixed at midday Wednesday
China's stocks closed mixed in the morning trading session Wednesday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 0.77 points, or 0.03 percent, to close
at 2,903.34 points.
1st Ld: China's most difficult, expensive railway operational
A railway considered to be China's most difficult and expensive to build started
operation Wednesday.
Hong Kong stocks up 1.18 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 266.26 points, or 1.18 percent to close Tuesday's
morning session at 22,905.34 points.
China telecom sector reports 6.6 pct rise in main business
revenue
China's telecom industry reported 819.03 billion yuan (122.98 billion U.S.
dollars) in main business revenue for the first 11 months, up 6.6 percent year
on year, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) announced
Tuesday.
Chinese official gets death penalty for taking massive bribes
A land resource official was sentenced to death on Monday for taking bribes and
embezzlement worth 60 million yuan (8.9 million U.S. dollars), said a local
court Tuesday.
Negotiators press for more cultural, educational exchanges across
Taiwan Strait
Cooperation between the film industries of the Chinese mainland and Taiwan could
benefit both economies, said the mainland's negotiator on cross-Strait ties,
Chen Yunlin, Tuesday.
China Economic News in Brief: Jiangsu toy exports; Guangdong
foreign trade; Inner  Mongolia wind power; Shaanxi foreign trade
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
Chinese defense minister meets Singaporean navy chief
Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie met Tuesday with Singapore's Chief of
Navy Rear-Admiral, Chew Men Leong.
URGENT: Mainland, Taiwan negotiators sign agreement on medical,
health cooperation
Chinese mainland and Taiwan negotiators signed a medical and health cooperation
agreement here Tuesday afternoon.
China's "most difficult to build" railway to open
A railway touted as the most difficult to build in the country that cuts through
southwestern China's rugged mountains with hundreds of bridges and tunnels, will
open this week.
China-EU trade "balanced," "healthy": commerce minister
Chinese Minister of Commerce Chen Deming said Tuesday that trade between China
and the European Union (EU) is balanced and healthy.
China's annual rural work conference opens in Beijing
The Chinese government's annual central rural work conference, in which it maps
out policies for next year's development of agriculture and rural regions,
opened Tuesday in Beijing.
China asks EU to stop investigations into China-made WWAN modems
China hopes the European Commission (EC)  will stop an investigation into
Chinese wireless wide area networking (WWAN) modems, Commerce Minister Chen
Deming said Tuesday.
1st Ld: Mainland, Taiwan negotiators sign agreement on medical,
health care cooperation
Chinese mainland and Taiwan negotiators signed a medical and health care
cooperation agreement in Taipei Tuesday afternoon.
Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday
Chinese equities closed higher on Tuesday as the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index went up 1.79 percent, or 51.20 points, to close at 2,904.12 points.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.67 pct
Taiwan's share prices rose on Tuesday with the weighted index up 59.07 points,
or 0.67 percent, to close at 8,827.79, according to news reaching here from
Taipei.
Central China city selecting blueprint for world's 3rd tallest
building
A central China city is selecting a blueprint for the skyscraper expected to be
the world's third tallest building.
Shanghai stock indices up -- Dec. 21
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,904.12 Tuesday, up 51.20 points, or 1.79 percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices up -- Dec. 21
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed higher
Tuesday to end at 12,872.45 points, up 314.90 points, or 2.51 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec.21
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at  3,249.51 points Tuesday, up 70.85 points, or 2.23
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 21
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, rose
2.68 points, or 0.22 percent, to close at 1,215.02 on Tuesday.
China stock index futures close up -- Dec. 21
China's stock index futures closed up Tuesday with the contract for December,
the most actively traded, up 2.85 percent from the previous trading day to end
at 3,303.4 points.
Hong Kong stocks close 1.57 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 354.78 points, or 1.57 percent, at 22,993.86 on
Tuesday.
China economic news in brief: Taiwan commercial zone; Christmas
village
The following are China economic news items in brief.
China's November oil consumption jumps 15.2 pct on-year as
temperatures drop
China consumed more oil in November compared with the same period last year as
temperatures dropped, China's top economic planner, the National Development and
Reform Commission (NDRC), said Tuesday.
China likely to meet pollution control targets for 2006-2010:
minister
China is expected to meet its 11th five-year period (2006-2010) pollution
control targets, Minister of Environmental Protection Zhou Shengxian said
Tuesday.
Chinese president honors outstanding military unit, individuals
Chinese President Hu Jintao, also Chairman of the Central Military Commission,
has signed an order to honor a People's Liberation Army (PLA) unit and 22
individuals for their outstanding military service.
Belarus election its internal affair: Chinese FM
Belarus's presidential election was the country's internal affair, Chinese
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said Tuesday, stressing that China
respects the Belarusian people's choice.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close 1.57 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks rose in quiet trade Tuesday, with the weighted index gaining
354.78 points, or 1.57 percent, to end at 22,993.86.
2nd Ld-Writethru-China Focus: Mainland, Taiwan negotiators sign
agreement on medical,  health care cooperation
by Xinhua writer Li Huizi
Macao's inflation hits 3.93 pct in November
Macao's inflation hike continued as the Composite Consumer Price Index (CPI) for
November 2010 went up by 3.93 percent over last year, according to the figures
released Tuesday by the city's Statistics and Census Service (DSEC).
China renews invitation to technology professionals
China's  Ministry of Science and Technology (MST) Tuesday renewed its offer to
fund overseas professionals who contribute to technology innovation projects for
the country.
1st LD-Writethru: China's stocks close higher Tuesday, led by
property shares
Chinese equities closed higher Tuesday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index up 1.79 percent, or 51.20 points, to close at 2,904.12 points.
Chinese FM spokeswoman unable to confirm Far East drill with
Russia
A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman on Tuesday declined to confirm media
reports that China and Russia will hold a joint military exercise in the Sea of
Japan next year, but praised the role of such drills in safeguarding regional
peace and stability.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 21
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 21:
HK's cross-boundary passengers to reach 10 mln during Christmas
and New Year holidays
The Hong Kong Immigration Department announced Tuesday that an estimated 10.95
million passengers will pass through land, sea and air control points during the
upcoming Christmas and New Year holiday period, representing an increase of
about 9 percent over the same period last year.
Hong Kong's consumer prices rise 2.9 pct in November
Hong Kong's Census and Statistics Department announced Tuesday that overall
consumer prices rose 2.9 percent in November over the same month a year earlier,
larger than the corresponding increase of 2.6 percent in the previous month.
China, EU reach "important consensus" at economic, trade talks:
vice premier
China and the European Union (EU) reached an "important consensus" on high
technology trade during economic and trade talks in Beijing Tuesday, said
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan.
1st Ld Writethru: China's annual central rural work conference
opens in Beijing
The Chinese government's annual central rural work conference, in which it maps
out policies for the next year's development of agriculture and rural regions,
opened Tuesday in Beijing.
China's schools get money to improve building safety
China's Ministry of Finance Tuesday announced an injection of 3.89 billion yuan
(584.11 million U.S. dollars) from the central budget this year to strengthen
school buildings.
China calls for restraint, dialogue on Korean Peninsula issue
China Tuesday urged all parties involved in the Korean Peninsula situation to
remain calm and exercise restraint to avoid future unfortunate incidents.
China Enterprises Index ups 1.60 pct -- Dec. 21
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index gained 198.94 points, or 1.60 percent, to
close at 12,607.43 on Tuesday.
1st Ld-Writethru: China likely to meet pollution control targets
for 2006-2010, future  tasks "arduous": minister
China is expected to meet its 11th five-year period (2006-2010) pollution
control targets, but the upcoming mission will be "fairly arduous," Minister of
Environmental Protection Zhou Shengxian said Tuesday.
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong -- Dec. 21
The gold price in Hong Kong moved down slightly by one HK dollar to 12,850 HK
dollars per tael on Tuesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
Chinese FM spokeswoman welcomes consensus on Hong Kong hostage
crisis in Philippines
A Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Tuesday welcomed the consensus between
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) and the Philippines government
concerning August's deadly hostage crisis.
China electricity consumption to almost double by 2020: China
Electricity Council
The China Electricity Council (CEC) projected Tuesday the country's electricity
consumption will almost double from the 2010 level to 8.2 trillion kWh by 2020.
Shanghai GM to recall 7,393 imported vehicles due to faulty
sensor pads
Shanghai General Motors Co. has decided to recall some of the imported sedans
sold in China to fix faulty sensor pads that could lead to front seat passenger
air bags failing to operate in a crash.
China seriously follows South China Sea declaration: spokesperson
China on Tuesday said it always values and follows the Declaration on the
Conduct of Parties in South China Sea (DOC) for peace and stability in the
region.
Senior Chinese leader urges officials to enhance supervision in
fighting corruption
China's anti-corruption chief, He Guoqiang, asked leading officials Tuesday to
enhance their supervisory work to ensure clean governance in their respective
jurisdictions.
Senior Chinese leader visits, applauds American-born translator
Sidney Shapiro
Senior Chinese leader Jia Qinglin Tuesday visited Sidney Shapiro, an American-
born translator of Chinese literature, and applauded the 95-year-old's
contribution to communicating Chinese culture overseas.
Urgent: China raises gasoline, diesel prices
China will raise gasoline and diesel prices 310 yuan per tonne and 300 yuan per
tonne, respectively, from Wednesday, the National Development and Reform
Commission said Tuesday.
Gulf of Mexico oil spill tops Emerging Powers' top 10 global news
events of 2010  list
Nine media houses from six emerging countries released a list in Beijing Tuesday
that ranked the top ten global news events of 2010 with the Gulf of Mexico oil
spill coming the first.
Chinese president appoints seven new ambassadors
Chinese President Hu Jintao appointed seven new ambassadors to foreign
countries, according to a statement from the Standing Committee of the National
People's Congress (NPC) on Tuesday.
Macao's economy expands by 27.1 pct in Q3
Spurred by favorable performance of the tourism and gaming sector, the economy
of Macao grew by 27.1 percent in the third quarter of 2010, according to the
figures released on Tuesday by Macao's Statistics and Census Service (DSEC).
Top negotiators continue discussing cross-Strait investment
protection agreement,  expected to sign at next talks
Top negotiators on cross-Strait affairs of the Chinese mainland and Taiwan
agreed Tuesday to continue discussing an investment protection agreement at the
seventh round of talks scheduled for next year.
1st Ld: China raises gasoline, diesel prices amid price pressure
BEIJING, Dec.21 (Xinhua) - China will raise gasoline and diesel prices 310 yuan
(about 46 U.S. dollars ) per tonne and 300 yuan per tonne, respectively,
beginning Wednesday, the National Development and Reform Commission(NDRC)
announced Tuesday.
Chinese farmers turn to old age pension for financial support
during golden years
A rural endowment insurance scheme, which is being operated on trial basis in
part of the country's rural area, may bring an end to the tradition of rural
seniors who depend on their children for financial support.
China's farm produce prices relatively stable last week: Ministry
of Commerce
Prices for Chinese farm produce and production materials remained relatively
stable last week, the Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Tuesday.
Republic of Congo to enhance cooperation with China: minister
The Republic of Congo (ROC) hopes to enhance cooperation with China and welcomes
Chinese investment, a ROC minister said Tuesday.
HK arranges extra flights to return stranded students in London
Cathay Pacific will operate three additional flights, one daily from Dec. 21 to
23, to bring home the Hong Kong students stranded at Heathrow Airport in London,
the HK government announced here on Tuesday.
China, ROK launch joint land-sea transport service
China and the Republic of Korea (ROC)Tuesday launched a joint land and sea
transport services in a bid to cut logistics costs and boost trade.
36 punished over fatal dam breach in S. China
GUANGZHOU, Dec. 21 (Xinhua) - Thirty-six people had been punished following a
dam overflow that left 22 people dead and 523 houses destroyed in September when
a typhoon hit southern China' s Guangdong Province, provincial authorities said
Tuesday.
NE China to hold international horticultural expo in 2013
Northeast China's Liaoning Province will host the International Horticultural
Exposition from May to October 2013 in Jinzhou City, government authorities said
Tuesday.
Chinese vice premier stresses importance of environmental
protection
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang has called for strengthening efforts in
ecological and environmental protection as the country strives for economic
restructuring and improving people's livelihoods.
Palestinian FM says Spain to recognize Palestinian state
Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyadh Al-Maliki said Spain promised the
Palestinian National Authority (PNA) to recognize a Palestinian statehood next
year, Ramallah- based Al-Ayyam daily reported Wednesday.
Jordan confirms first A/H1N1 flu fatality in 2010
Jordan's health authorities confirmed on Wednesday its first death case of
influenza A/H1N1 for the year 2010.
News Analysis: Israel more hands off on investments
by Zhang Yanyang
Urgent: Five killed due to gas leak from heater in Turkey
Five people were killed Wednesday due to carbon monoxide gas leak from a heater
in Yolustu village in Turkey's northern Kastamonu province, the semi-official
Anatolia news agency reported.
Feature: Gaza Christians look forward to celebrating Christmas in
Bethlehem
by Osma Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,376 points on
Wednesday, increasing by 19 points from Tuesday's finish.
1st LD: Five killed due to gas leak in north Turkey
Five people were killed Wednesday due to carbon monoxide leak from a gas lighter
in north Turkey, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
ECO foreign ministers meet in Istanbul ahead of summit
Foreign ministers of the Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO) member
countries met here on Wednesday ahead of a leaders' summit scheduled for
Thursday.
Main PLO factions oppose resuming talks without settlement freeze
The two biggest factions of the Palestine Liberation Organization on Wednesday
reaffirmed their rejection to resuming the peace negotiations without Israel
stopping settlement building.
Roundup: Israel, Palestinians warn of military escalation in Gaza
by Osama Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Iraqi soldier killed, four people wounded in Baghdad violence
An Iraqi soldier was killed and four people were wounded in gunfire and bomb
attacks in Baghdad on Wednesday, an Interior Ministry source said.
Abbas: military operation in Gaza endangers peace process
Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Wednesday warned of
the Israeli military operation in the Gaza Strip, saying it will endanger the
fragile peace process.
Iranian president leaves for ECO summit
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad left Tehran on Wednesday for an Economic
Cooperation Organization (ECO) summit in Istanbul, the semi-official ISNA news
agency reported.
Iran threatens to cut ties with Britain
An Iranian senior lawmaker said Wednesday that Iran's parliament will decide on
the diplomatic relations with Britain next week if the British government does
not formally apologize over the embassador's remarks, the local satellite Press
TV reported.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes up
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,074.21 points on
Wednesday, up 0. 13 points from Tuesday's close. The turnover was 1.37 billion
shekels (about 380 million U.S. dollars).
Roundup: Kuwait bourse outshines Gulf Arab markets
As oil prices surge over 90 U.S. dollars per barrel on higher growth prospects
in the United States, Kuwait's KSE Market Index closed 0.68 percent higher at
6,865.8 points.
Yearender: Economists skeptical about fast economic recovery in
Jordan
In spite of signs of recovery from the global financial crisis in 2010 in
Jordan, economists predicted "slow" economic growth in 2011 and are skeptical
about the possibility of an "imminent" end to the impact of the global downturn.
News Analysis: Gaza border tensions may lead to serious conflicts
by Adam Gonn
Jordan welcomes formation of new Iraqi government
King Abdullah II of Jordan on Wednesday sent a message to Iraqi Prime Minister
Nuri al-Maliki to congratulate him on the formation of the new Iraqi government,
the state-run Petra news agency reported.
Sudanese president says to respect south Sudanese's choice in
referendum
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir said Wednesday he will respect south
Sudanese's choice for independence or unity, when they vote in a referendum
slated on Jan. 9, 2011, as long as it would express their desire.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2210 GMT, Dec. 22
An Iranian senior lawmaker said Wednesday that Iran's parliament will decide on
the diplomatic relations with Britain next week if the British government does
not formally apologize over the embassador's remarks, the local satellite Press
TV reported.
New Zealand GDP shrink 0.2 percent in third quarter
Official figures showed New Zealand's gross domestic product (GDP), the broadest
measure of the health of the economy, fell 0.2 percent in the third quarter.
Three men found guilty of planning terror attack in Australia
The Victorian court on Thursday found three men guilty of planning a terrorist
attack on an Australian army base in Sydney.
Australian jobs-seeking giant to advance into Asia
SEEK, the major employment agent in Australia, is expanding into Asia and
spending about 206 million Australian dollars (205.84 million U.S. dollars) for
a 60 percent stake in Jobs DB, a Southeast Asian online jobs company.
17 Australian Navy sailors identified as part of drug ring
Seventeen Royal Australian Navy sailors have been identified as alleged members
of a drug trafficking ring at Sydney's Garden Island Naval Base, The Australian
newspaper reported on Thursday.
Strong quake hits Ogasawara Islands in Pacific, no tsunami
warning issued
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.5 jolted Ogasawara Islands in
the Pacific early Thursday, said the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA), which
issued no tsunami warning.
Kidnapped Chinese-Filipino student rescued in southern
Philippines
A 21-year old Chinese-Filipino student who was kidnapped by suspected Abu Sayyaf
terror group was rescued Wednesday evening in southern Philippines, police said
Thursday.
Military confirms presence of Malaysian terrorist in S.
Philippines
The Philippine military on Thursday confirmed the presence of a Malaysian
terrorist in the restive southern Philippines.
S. Korea set to conduct massive firing drills near border with
DPRK
South Korea is set to stage large- scale drills Thursday involving fighter jets
and artillery guns near a heavily fortified land border with the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) amid lingering military tension.
European diplomat urges Philippine gov't, MILF to resume peace
talks
A European diplomat on Thursday urged Manila and Muslim separatist rebels to
resume stalled talks soon to end the decades-old rebellion in the southern
Philippines.
Australian household savings fall in December
The financial position of Australian households has not recovered from the
global financial crisis as household savings fell in December, a survey by the
Melbourne Institute of Applied Economic and Social Research showed on Thursday.
Moderate quake hits westernmost Indonesia
A moderate earthquake measuring 5. 5 on the Richter scale rocked Aceh province
in westernmost Indonesia at 07:01 local time (0001 GMT) on Thursday, the
Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency said here in a statement.
Roundup: Australian gov't apologizes to wrongly detained citizen
by Vienna Ma
UN mission in Nepal to leave in January
Amid controversy over extension of United Nations Mission in Nepal (UNMIN)'s
mandate, the Kathmandu- based ambassadors of the five permanent member states of
the UN Security Council (UNSC) told Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist)
(UCPN-M) Chairman Prachanda that UNMIN would leave Nepal after Jan. 15, as per
UNSC's decision taken in September.
Indonesia's oil company to allocate 1 bln USD for acquisitions
JAKARTA, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) - Indonesia's state oil and gas firm PT Pertamina
planned to allocate about 10 trillion rupiah (1. 11 billion U.S. dollars) next
year for the acquisition of oil and gas fields, the Jakarta Post quoted an
executive as saying on Thursday.
Rio Tinto's Pilbara expansion wins approval
Australia's mining giant Rio Tinto Ltd has won the approval from the Western
Australian (WA) government for its multi-billion dollar iron ore expansion in
the state's Pilbara region, WA Premier Colin Barnett said on Thursday.
India ready to give Nepal security assistance: official
India was ready to assist Nepal with all kinds of security logistics as demanded
at any time, the visiting Indian Army Chief General Vijay Kumar Singh has said,
local media reported Thursday.
Urgent: Suicide attack rocks N. Afghanistan
Suicide attack rocks Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan Thursday morning,
casualties feared.
1st Ld: Suicide bomb attack leaves two dead in northern
Afghanistan
A suicide attack rocked Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan Thursday
morning.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,038.83 points Thursday, 23.03 points
higher from previous close of 19,015.80 points on investors' optimism.
Thai PM meets army, intelligence, security chiefs on restive
south
Thailand's Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva held a meeting with chiefs of the
Army, National Intelligence Agency (NIA) and the National Security Council (NSC)
Thursday.
Two Hong Kong tourists dead in road accident in Japan's Hokkaido
A car collided into a truck in Japan 's Hokkaido late Wednesday, leaving two
Hong Kong tourists dead and another seriously injured, said Liu Zhijian, an
official from the Chinese consulate general in Sapporo on Thursday.
Time has come for int'l forces to leave Timor-Leste: Premier
Timor Leste's Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao, who also serves as minister for
Defense and Security, said the time had come for international forces who have
been maintaining security in the country to leave, Suara Timor Lorosa'e reported
on Tuesday.
2nd LD Wriethru: S. Korea begins four-day sea maneuvers in East
Sea
South Korea will hold four-day drills in waters off the east coast of the Korean
peninsula starting Wednesday, two days after it conducted a live-fire exercise
near a tense border, the defense ministry said.
India successfully testfires 2 Prithvi-II nuclear capable
ballistic missiles
India Wednesday successfully testfired two nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface
Prithvi-II ballistic missiles off the coast of the eastern state of Orissa,
official sources said.
Australian Opposition calls on gov't to lift refugee intake
Australian Opposition Leader Tony Abbott on Wednesday said he would consider a
modest expansion of Australia's annual intake of refugees.
1st LD Writethru: Afghan forces kill 27 militants: Official
Afghan forces backed by NATO-led troops eliminated 27 Taliban militants in the
eastern Ghazni province, an army officer in the province Daud Shah Wafadar said
Wednesday.
Dollar at upper 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 83 yen level Wednesday morning in Tokyo.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 22
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.4 jolted Ogasawara Islands in
the Pacific early Wednesday, said the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA), which
issued a tsunami warning.
Clash leaves 12 dead including 5 civilians in S. Afghanistan
A clash between Taliban and NATO-led forces left a dozen people dead including
five civilians in the southern Helmand province on Tuesday, Daud Ahmadi, the
spokesman for the Helmand provincial administration, said Wednesday.
Bodies of Thais killed in bus-crash taken to Malaysian air force
base
The bodies of 25 Thai tourists killed in a bus crash on Monday have left for the
Royal Malaysian Air Force base in Subang, a town located about 28 kilometers
from the heart of the country's capital Kuala Lumpur.
S. Korea to stage ground, air firing drill Thursday
South Korea plans to hold a major drill Thursday involving artillery guns and
fighter jets following its live-fire drill near a disputed sea border earlier
this week, the Army said Wednesday.
Chinese living in S. Korea exceeds 600,000
The number of Chinese people living in South Korea exceeded 600,000 for the
first time last month, accounting for nearly half of all foreigners in the
country, the Ministry of Justice said Wednesday.
Panamanian vessel stranded in seas off northeast Japan, no injury
reported
A Panamanian cargo ship was left stranded in seas off Japan's Fukushima
Prefecture, northeast of Tokyo, on Wednesday morning, local media reported.
Afghan forces kill one, detain five in Taliban hotbed
Afghan forces killed an insurgent and captured five others during an operation
against Taliban militants in southern Helmand province, spokesman for provincial
administration Daud Ahmadi said Wednesday.
Thai minister dismissed over rice sale deal
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has ordered the dismissal of Vice Commerce
Minister Veerasak Jinarat over his alleged involvement in irregularities in the
ministry's rice sale scheme, Thai media reported Wednesday.
Roundup: Philipine stocks extends gains on U.S. market rally,
Philippine budget surplus
by Kristine Jane R. Liu
Security to be tightened in Bangkok during New Year: army
commander
Military police as well as bomb squad units have been prepared for tightening up
security during New Year in Bangkok, First Army Regional Commander said
Wednesday.
Nikkei closes 0.23 pct lower
Tokyo stocks closed slightly lower with the key Nikkei index down 0.23 percent.
Japan forecasts slowing economic growth in 2011 fiscal year
Japan's economic growth will slow to 1.5 percent in fiscal 2011 from 3.1 percent
in the current fiscal year, as consumption further wanes following the
expiration of special subsidies and exports fall on slipping demand and a strong
yen, the Cabinet Office said in a report on Wednesday.
Japanese supermarket sales fall for 24th straight month in Nov.
Sales at same-store Japanese supermarkets fell 0.5 percent annually in November,
the Japan Chain Stores Association said in a report on Wednesday.
India puts Mumbai, Gujarat on high alert
India put Mumbai and Ahmadabad, the state capital of Gujarat, on the alert after
getting specific intelligence that terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) had sent
militants to the two cities to strike at any time in coming days, The Times of
India reported on electronic edition Wednesday.
Yearender: Japan's economic recovery stammering, uncertainties
ahead
Japan's economy in the year 2010 is a mixed picture. After showing signs of
recovery, the Japanese economy is still struggling to gain traction
Leismaniasis parasite can be transmitted by more types of insect:
Australian researchers
Australian researchers said Wednesday they have found a deadly parasite can be
transmitted by more than one spices of insect, raising hopes the discovery could
save lives.
Thai Deputy PM to explain spending under emergency decree
Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban said on Wednesday he will explain
clearly to parliament the work and the spending of the Center for the Resolution
of the Emergency Situation (CRES) between March 11 to Dec. 21, when it was
disbanded.
3rd LD Writethru: S. Korea begins three-day sea maneuvers in East
Sea
South Korea will hold three-day drills in waters off the east coast of the
Korean Peninsula starting Wednesday, two days after it conducted a live-fire
exercise near a tense border, the defense ministry said.
S. Korea to vaccinate livestock to stem spread of foot-and-mouth
disease
South Korea has decided to use vaccines to stem the spread of foot-and-mouth
disease across the country, according to Seoul's Yonhap News Agency, citing
official sources, on Wednesday.
Civilian casualties remain challenge in Afghanistan
Civilian casualties was still the main challenge in the war on terror in
Afghanistan, spokesman of Defense Ministry said Wednesday.
Thai official wounded by suspected southern separatists
A Thai official was shot and wounded in southern province of Pattani on
Wednesday, according to a report of Bangkok Post online.
Parliament dissolution likely after charter changes: Thai deputy
PM
Thai Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thuagsuban said Wednesday that the parliament
could be dissolved when the 2007 constitution amendment is completed.
SMEs get more attention from finance companies in Singapore
The recent branch setting up activities by some finance companies in Singapore
have shown small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are getting more attention, the
Business Times reported on Wednesday.
Roundup: Western Australia's Gascoyne town evacuates due to
flooding problems
An outlying township in Western Australia's Gascoyne region on Wednesday has
been evacuated due to problems associated with flooding.
Indonesia imports more rice to ease prices
Indonesia has reached a deal with Thailand to import 250,000 metric tons of rice
as an effort to boost rice stockpiles and ease prices, officials said here
Wednesday.
Roundup: Nikkei slips 0.23 pct on profit taking, economic outlook
weighs
Tokyo stocks edged lower Wednesday, with the key Nikkei stock index shedding
0.23 percent as investors opted to lock in gains following the market hitting a
fresh seven- month intraday high and despite support from Wall Street, pessimism
about Japan's economic outlook kept stocks moving in narrow range.
Roundup: S. Korean shares soar as tension eases
Seoul shares closed higher Tuesday as tension waned after Monday's live-fire
artillery drill on a western border island ended without provoking retaliation
from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, local analysts said.
Thai former ranger arrested for grenade attacks
A former para-military ranger was arrested Wednesday for allegedly firing M79
grenades at a skytrain station in central Bangkok and other spots in May during
"red- shirt" protest.
Dollar in upper 83 yen zone in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 83 yen level Wednesday in Tokyo.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 22
A clash between Taliban and NATO- led forces left a dozen people dead including
five civilians in the southern Helmand province, Daud Ahmadi, the spokesman for
the Helmand provincial administration, said Wednesday.
Thai tourists killed in Malaysia bus crash flown home
The bodies of the 25 Thai tourists killed in a bus crash in Malaysia have been
flown home on Wednesday from the Royal Malaysian Air Force Base, about 28
kilometers from the country's capital Kuala Lumpur.
Singapore shares end 0.14 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 4.46 points, or 0.14 percent on Wednesday,
with the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,144.31 points.
Pakistani opposition leader arrested for carrying arms
Pakistani security forces arrested a senior opposition nationalist leader in
southwestern Balochistan province on Wednesday for carrying weapons, officials
said.
Two Pakistani police officers arrested over Bhutto murder
Two Pakistani senior police officers accused of negligence in the killing of
former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto were arrested on Wednesday by an anti-
terrorism court.
Vietnam, Australia hold seminar on implementing human right int'l
conventions
A seminar on implementing international conventions on human rights was held
here Wednesday, drawing Vietnamese government officials and representatives from
the Australian Agency for International Development.
Sri Lanka remands former Tiger rebels
Some 160 former rebels of Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) were remanded
on Wednesday after being in detention for over a year.
Bangladeshi gov't trying best to ensure safe return of hijacked
sailors: FM
The Bangladeshi government Wednesday asked families of the sailors who were on
board the Bangladeshi ship hijacked by Somali pirates in the Arabian Sea to have
patience, saying such rescue might take a long period of time.
Thai police says ready to handle situation after Emergency Decree
lifted
Thailand's national police chief Pol Gen Wichean Potephosree assured the public
on Wednesday the police can handle the planned demonstrations of anti-government
" red-shirt" protesters although the Emergency Decree was revoked.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 22
The Philippine market finished Wednesday's session up by 0.53 percent.
Roundup: Politics, strong currency, interest rate to affect Thai
economy in 2011
By Sinfah Tunsarawuth
Bangladesh's mobile users reach 66.62 million by November
Bangladesh's six cell phone operators added an impressive 14.191 million new
mobile phone users in the first 11 months this year, official data showed
Wednesday.
New Thai security body defines role
Thailand's new security body replacing the Center for the Resolution of the
Emergency Situation (CRES) held its first meeting on Wednesday, to define its
scope, Thai media reported on Wednesday.
Afghan President Karzai leaves for Turkey
Afghan President Hamid Karzai left for Turkey on Wednesday to attend the 11th
summit of Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO), the Presidential Palace said
in a statement.
Malaysia not faced with challenges of aging society: minister
Malaysia is not faced with challenges of an aging society as the middle-aged
group population, or the Generation X, in the country is still large and
productive.
Illegal drugstores, clinics decline sharply in Cambodia
Unlicensed drugstores and clinics in Cambodia have declined sharply in 2010,
showed the statistics from the Ministry of Health on Wednesday.
Myanmar-Vietnam bilateral trade increases in 2010
Myanmar-Vietnam bilateral trade is estimated to hit 160 million U.S. dollars in
2010, an increase of 60 percent from 2009, the local Pyi Myanmar News reported
Wednesday.
Seven children injured in southern Afghanistan
Seven Afghan children were seriously injured in a bomb explosion in southern
Helmand province, the NATO- led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF)
said in a statement Wednesday.
Urgent: 2 pilots killed as army trainer plane crashes in SW
Pakistan
Two pilots were killed as an army trainer plane crashed in the hill area of
southwest Pakistan' s Balochistan province on Wednesday, local TV channels
reported.
1st LD Writethru: 2 pilots killed as army trainer plane crashes
in SW Pakistan
Two pilots were killed on Wednesday as an army trainer plane crashed in the hill
area of southwest Pakistan's Balochistan province, army sources said.
Indian opposition seeks PM resignation over telecom scam
India's Opposition National Democratic Alliance, which is led by Bharatiya
Janata Party (BJP), Wednesday sought the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh over a multi-billion-dollar telecom scam which hit the government.
27 children injured in road accident in India
At least 27 children were seriously injured when their schoolbus overturned in
the western Indian state of Maharashtra Wednesday, said police.
Indian stocks close down 0.22 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex declined 44.52 points or 0.22 percent
Wednesday on weaker Asian stock markets.
Vietnamese communist party to hold congress in January
The 11th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV) will take
place on Jan. 12 to 19 next year in Vietnam's capital city of Hanoi, said a CPV
official at a press conference here Wednesday.
Japan's debt issuance for FY 2011 to top record 2.04 trillion
dollars: media
The total amount of Japan's debt issuance for fiscal 2011 is estimated to reach
a record-high of 170 trillion yen (about 2. 04 trillion U.S. dollars), the Kyodo
News reported Wednesday, citing government sources.  The hike indicated that the
Japanese government, already mired in the highest level of public debt among
industrialized countries, would continue to meet with difficulties in managing
its cash- strapped finances, Kyodo News reported.  As for bonds to be issued to
roll over maturing debts, it was estimated that 114 trillion yen worth need to
be issued to repay existing debts in the fiscal year starting next April, up by
12 trillion yen from the current fiscal year, the report said.
Roundup: Conservationists and Australian Greens cynical about
radioactive report
Conservationists and the Australian Greens on Wednesday criticized the timing of
a report giving the green light for draft laws to establish a radioactive waste
dump.
Moderate quake hits Ogasawara Islands in Pacific, no tsunami
warning issued
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.4 jolted Ogasawara Islands in
the Pacific late Wednesday, said the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA).
Roundup: Pakistan's KSE closes bullish with low volumes
Bulls once again bounced back strongly at Pakistan's Karachi Stock Exchange
(KSE) on Wednesday as its main index managed to gain slightly amid low
turnovers.
120 Papua New Guineans head to Australia to push for citizenship
A group of Papua New Guineans ( PNGs) fighting for Australian citizenship on
Wednesday said several boatloads of people have left PNG headed for Australia to
push their citizenship case, Australia's media reported.
WB launches skill development project in Bangladesh
The World Bank (WB) launched a project in Dhaka Wednesday with a view to help
Bangladesh develop its human resources through the strengthening of public and
private training institutions.
13 Pakistani militants surrendered to forces
A group of 13 Pakistani Taliban militants on Wednesday surrendered to the
security forces in the tribal region of Bajaur, military officials in the region
said.
10 rebels surrender to gov't in S. Philippines
At least ten Muslim separatist rebels surrendered to government security forces
in the southern Philippines as peace talks remain stalled, the military said on
Wednesday.
2 workers of mining firm hurt in rebels attack in southern
Philippines
Suspected leftist rebels attacked a mining firm in the southern Philippines,
leaving two company workers wounded, a military official said on Wednesday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 22
The Bangladeshi government Wednesday asked families of the sailors who were on
board the Bangladeshi ship hijacked by Somali pirates in the Arabian Sea to have
patience, saying such rescue might take a long period of time.
Gbagbo asks Ouattara's camp to leave hotel in Abidjan
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo, who was declared the winner in the Nov. 28
presidential election by the Constitutional Council, on Tuesday called on his
rival Alassane Ouattara and his entourage to leave the hotel where they are
holed up in Abidjan and return to their homes.
Alpha Conde takes oath of office in front of several presidents
Guinea's first democratically elected president Alpha Conde was officially sworn
in on Tuesday during a ceremony attended by several presidents and
representatives of sub-regional, regional and international institutions.
Roundup: UN says 6,000 Cote d'Ivoire refugees flee to Liberia,
Guinea
More than 6,000 people have fled Cote d'Ivoire into two neighboring countries of
Liberia and Guinea, the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) has said.
Nigerian Senate begins debate on 27. 3 bln dollar 2011 budget
The Nigerian Senate has started debate on the general principles of the 27. 3
billion U.S. dollars budget for 2011 presented to the National Assembly by
President Goodluck Jonathan on Dec. 15.
Nigeria evacuates diplomats to Ghana over Cote d'Ivoire crisis
Nigeria has ordered the immediate evacuation of  families of diplomats serving
in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire, to Accra, the capital city of Ghana.
BEI to fund Mauritania's fiber optic cable project
The European Investment Bank (BEI) will fund the laying of the first fiber optic
cable linking Mauritania to Europe and West Africa.
Guinea Bissau's interior minister resigns
Guinea Bissau's Interior Minister Adja Satu Camara Pinto has decided to resign
from her functions and has written a letter to Prime Minister Carlos Gomes
Junior to inform him of the decision.
Yearender: Nigeria shows maturity in difficulties
by Olatunbosun Awoniyi
News Analysis: Mozambique intensifies crackdown on drug
trafficking
by Manuel Camilo
AU expresses deep concern over continuing stalemate in Cote
d'Ivoire
The African Union Peace and Security Council (PSC) expressed its deep concern at
the continuing stalemate in Cote d'Ivoire and the risk of large scale violence
in that country, as a result of the refusal of Laurent Gbagbo to peacefully and
immediately hand over power to Alassane Ouattara.
Yearender: Disasters, terror attacks, political uncertainty haunt
Uganda in 2010
By Ronald Ssekandi
1st Ld: U.S. works to prevent terror attack over holiday season:
senior official
White House counterterrorism chief John Brennan said on Wednesday that the
intelligence community and law enforcement agencies are working to prevent any
terror attack over the year-end holidays and are paying particular attention to
rail and other transportation systems.
U.S. Senate passes its version of defense budget
The U.S. Senate on Wednesday passed its version of the defense authorization
bill, sending it back to the House.
Russian stocks close higher
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed on Wednesday with both key indexes
higher.
World Bank head confirms financing freeze on Cote d'Ivoire
The World Bank has frozen financing to Cote d'Ivoire amid a post-election crisis
over presidency in the country, President of the World Bank Robert Zoellick said
on Wednesday in Paris.
Two firefighters dead, 14 injured in Chicago building collapse
Two firefighters died on Wednesday after a building that was on fire collapsed
in the south of Chicago, and fourteen other firefighters were injured, The
Chicago Tribune reported on Wednesday.
U.S. stocks moderately higher on more recovery signs
The U.S. stocks moved modestly higher on Wednesday after the latest data added
evidence that the economy was gaining some steam, though not as strong as people
had expected.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed higher on Wednesday, with the leading FTSE 100
index up 31.69 points, or 0.53 percent, at 5,983.49 points.
Security Council extends mandate of UN force in Golan Heights
The UN Security Council on Wednesday unanimously adopted a resolution to renew
the mandate of United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), maintaining
the force's presence in the buffer zone between the Israeli- controlled Golan
Heights and Syria.
2nd Ld-Writethru: U.S. works to prevent terror attack over
holiday season: senior official
White House counterterrorism chief John Brennan said on Wednesday that the
intelligence community and law enforcement agencies are working to prevent any
terror attack over the year-end holidays and are paying particular attention to
rail and other transportation systems.
UN Security Council extends Somalia peacekeeping mission, beefs
up forces
The United Nations Security Council on Wednesday unanimously decided to extend
the mandate of the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM), and beefed up
forces by another 4,000 troops.
Sweden plans to control toxins and chemicals in daily life
environment
Swedish Environment Minister Andreas Carlgren Wednesday said that a national
action plan to reduce the presence of toxins in the living environment will be
drawn up by the Government Chemicals Agency.
ISS orbit raised by 4.2 km for next docking
The Russian Mission Control Center (MCC) on Wednesday announced it had adjusted
the orbit of the International Space Station (ISS) by raising it 4.2 kilometers
higher, to create best conditions for next docking.
OECD confirms international agreement on aircraft export credits
Government negotiators on behalf of the United States, Brazil, Canada, Japan and
the European Union have agreed in principle on new terms for state financing to
support the export of commercial aircraft, the Paris-based Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said Wednesday in a statement.
Austrian lawmakers question former Croatian PM
An Austrian parliamentary inquiry committee on Wednesday questioned former
Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader arrested early this month after he was
wanted in Croatia on charges of power abuse and embezzlement.
China donates 1 million dollars to UN peacebuilding fund
China on Wednesday donated 1 million U.S. dollars to the UN Peacebuilding Fund
to help strengthen the reconstruction and stability in post-conflict countries.
Russia regrets U.S. vote against UN anti-Nazi resolution
Russia regretted the United States' vote against a UN resolution condemning
heroization of Nazism, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a Wednesday
statement posted on its website.
Finnish nurse given life imprisonment for murdering five elders
A nurse from Helsinki, Finland was handed a life sentence by the Helsinki
District Court on Wednesday for being guilty of murdering five elders and five
other attempted murders.
World Bank head reaffirms gold as "reference point" to monetary
system reform
World Bank President Robert Zoellick reaffirmed his proposal to use gold as a
"reference point" to reform the current international monetary system on
Wednesday in Paris.
World Bank head reaffirms gold as "reference point" to monetary
system reform
World Bank President Robert Zoellick on Wednesday reaffirmed his proposal to use
gold as a "reference point" to reform the current international monetary system
in Paris.
Russia, Armenia agree to expand economic, trade cooperation
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and his visiting Armenian counterpart
Tigran Sargsyan on Wednesday agreed to expand bilateral economic and trade
cooperation, according to local media reports.
U.S. Congress passes pared-down defense bill
The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday passed the 2011 defense
authorization bill which cleared the Senate hours earlier, sending it to
President Barack Obama for his signature.
Romania parliament OKs austerity budget for 2011
Romania's parliament Wednesday approved an austerity budget for 2011 that will
cut deficit down to 4.4 percent of gross domestic product (GDP).
Roundup: Going natural, more Americans choose herbal Chinese
medicine
by George Bao
Urgent: Gold falls on yearend dumping
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange declined
on Wednesday, as an increasing number of investors opted to cash in their
holdings of gold, which has gained 27 percent so far this year, before yearend.
Silver also crept down.
FLASH: U.S. SENATE RATIFIES NUKE ARMS TREATY WITH RUSSIA
.T)
California, federal government reach settlement on protecting
roadless areas
California and the federal government reached a settlement on Wednesday, which
allows the state to protect its roadless areas, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger
announced.
Asia to continue acting as global recovery engine: IMF
The Asian economy has performed remarkably well in 2010 and will continue to
lead the global economic recovery, but this region also faces an array of policy
challenges, an International Monetary Fund (IMF) official said on Wednesday.
Urgent: Oil rises on U.S. inventories, Q3 GDP
Crude prices rose on Wednesday as U.S. crude oil inventories dropped by 5.3
million barrels last week and GDP growth for the third quarter was revised
higher to 2. 6 percent. Light, sweet crude for February delivery rose 66 cents
to 90.48 dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Albania offers to cooperate with EU, UN on organ trafficking
probe
Albania stands ready to cooperate fully with the European Union and the United
Nations on probes into allegations that the former Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA)
held ethnic Serbs captive and harvested their organs in Albania, Prime Minister
Sali Berisha said on Wednesday.
Urgent: U.S. Senate ratifies nuclear arms treaty with Russia
The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to ratify a nuclear arms treaty with Russia,
delivering President Barack Obama his top foreign policy goal as the lame- duck
Congress session draws to an end.
U.S. Senate passes 9/11 health bill
The U.S. Senate on Wednesday passed a healthcare package and economic aid for
people who fell sick after inhaling toxic fume from the 9/11 terrorist attacks
on New York City's World Trade Center.
White House defends intelligence chief after interview blunder
The White House on Wednesday played defense for the country's chief intelligence
official, who blundered on TV and admitted he was not aware of a terror plot in
Britain widely reported by the media.
1st Ld-Writethru: Oil rises on U.S. inventories, Q3 GDP
Crude prices on Wednesday rose for the fourth straight day and hit its 26-month
high as U.S. weekly crude oil inventories dropped by 5.3 million barrels last
week and GDP growth for the third quarter was revised higher to 2. 6 percent.
Stabilization of Afghanistan necessitates unity of action:
ambassador
To stabilize Afghanistan and make it more prosperous, a "unity of understanding,
efforts and action" is required, the Afghan Ambassador to the UN, Zahir Tanin,
said here on Wednesday.
Macedonian police detain 29 drug trafficking suspects
Macedonian police have detained 29 suspected heroin dealers in nationwide raids
against drug trafficking, news reaching here from Skopje reported Wednesday.
Urgent: U.S. stocks reach 2-year highs on more recovery signs
U.S. stocks climbed on Wednesday to fresh two-year highs as new U.S. economic
data showed more recovery signs. All three major indexes edged up at the
closing.
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. Senate ratifies nuke arms treaty with
Russia
The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to ratify a nuclear arms treaty with Russia,
delivering President Barack Obama his top foreign policy goal as the lame- duck
Congress session draws to an end.
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks refresh 2-year highs on more
recovery signs
The U.S. stocks climbed on Wednesday to fresh two-year highs as new economic
data showed more recovery signs.
Security Council sets up new body to finish work of UN war crimes
tribunals
The UN Security Council on Wednesday set up a new body to finish the remaining
tasks of the United Nations war crimes tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and
Rwanda, while calling on the courts to conclude their work by the end of 2014.
Greek lawmakers set to vote on austerity budget amid protests
ATHENS, Dec. 22 (Xinhua)-- Greek lawmakers are set to vote on the 2011 budget
draft in the early hours of Thursday amid ongoing strikes and protests by labor
unions over painful austerity measures and structural reforms introduced to
tackle a severe economic crisis.
UN Security Council hails announcement of final results from
Afghan Independent Election Commission
The UN Security Council on Wednesday welcomed the announcement of the final
results by Afghanistan's Independent Election Commission (IEC) from the Sept. 18
elections for Wolesi Jirga, or the lower house of the parliament.
1st Ld-Writethru: Gold falls on yearend dumping
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange declined
on Wednesday, as an increasing number of investors opted to cash in their
holdings of gold, which has gained 27 percent so far this year, before yearend.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as euro keeps on losing streak
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Wednesday as the euro kept on falling against the dollar.
1st Ld-Writethru: Dollar mixed as euro keeps losing streak
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Wednesday, as the euro kept on falling against the dollar.
Obama congratulates Guinean president on inauguration
U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday sent congratulations to Guinean
President Alpha Conde for his inauguration on Tuesday.
Small plane crash kills one in Chicago
A small single-engine plane on Wednesday crashed near Chicago Executive Airport
in Wheeling, a village in the northwest of Chicago, killing one person, Chicago
Tribune reported Wednesday, quoting authorities.
New York's 9/11 survivor tree returns to World Trade Center
A tree that had sustained severe damage but lived through the 9/11 terror
attacks was replanted at the 9/11 Memorial Plaza on Wednesday.
Urgent: 6.3-magnitude quake hits Bonin Islands, Japan region --
USGS
An earthquake measuring 6.3 on the Richter scale jolted Bonin Islands, Japan
region at 21:49:38 GMT on Wednesday, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said.
1st LD Writethru: 6.3-magnitude quake hits Bonin Islands, Japan
region -- USGS
An earthquake measuring 6.3 on the Richter scale jolted Bonin Islands, Japan
region at 21:49:38 GMT on Wednesday, a day after a strong quake hit the same
region, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said.
China donates half million dollars to UN fund on Darfur
China on Wednesday donated 500,000 U.S. dollars to a UN trust fund to support
diplomatic efforts to end the conflict in Sudan's Darfur region.
China supports Afghanistan in enhancing national capacity
China supports the Afghan government in strengthening national capacity with a
view to efficiently executing governance in the country, a senior Chinese
diplomat said here on Wednesday.
UN chief welcomes U.S. ratification of arms treaty with Russia
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday welcomed the ratification by the
U.S. Senate of a new nuclear arms treaty with Russia.
U.S. Congress vote to provide free health care for 9/11
responders
The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday voted to pass a healthcare
package and economic aid for people who fell sick after inhaling toxic fume from
the 9/11 terrorist attacks on New York City's World Trade Center.
Chilean president, Chinese State Councilor meet on relations
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera and visiting Chinese State Councilor Liu
Yandong met here Wednesday to discuss the development of relations between their
two countries since the establishment of diplomatic ties 40 years ago.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's three major bourses
Stocks close mixed in Mexico, Argentina and Brazil
Latin America's three major bourses  closed mixed Wednesday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 23
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday welcomed the ratification by the
U.S. Senate of a new nuclear arms treaty with Russia.
Brazilian consumers' confidence up 8.9 percent in 2010
Although Brazil's Consumer Confidence Index (ICC) fell to 122.5 points in
December, down 2.07 percent from November, the ICC accumulated a rise of 8.98
percent in 2010, according to a study released Wednesday.
Brazil's Central Bank foresees 5.9-percent inflation in 2010
Brazil's Central Bank released on Wednesday its quarterly inflation report, in
which it foresees an inflation rate of 5.9 percent this year and 5 percent in
2011.
Yearender: EU economy mired in debt crisis
by Xinhua writer Shang Jun
Brazil's Lula gets support to take official position in next
administration
Forty-one percent of Brazilians would like to see outgoing President Luiz Inacio
Lula da Silva assume an official position in the next administration, according
to a survey released on Wednesday.
Bolivia recognizes Palestine as independent state
Bolivia on Wednesday officially recognized Palestine as an independent and
sovereign state within the so-called 1967 borders, while urging other nations to
follow suit.
Cuba, Ukraine to boost relations
Cuban First Vice-President of the Council of State Jose Ramon Machado met
visiting Ukrainian Foreign Minister Konstantin Ivanovich Grishenko on Wednesday
to discuss the bilateral relations.
UN suggests Chile adopt prevention measures for disaster
The United Nations (UN) Wednesday suggested that Chile adopt a new system for
its National Office of Emergency of the Interior Ministry (ONEMI) to better deal
with natural disasters.
News Analysis: New START's passage to boost U.S.-Russia ties
The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to ratify a nuclear arms treaty with Russia,
opening the gate to enhanced cooperation between the two countries on a broad
range of issues.
U.S. drug maker recalls diabetes testing strips
U.S. drug maker Abbott Laboratories on Wednesday announced a recall of up to 359
million diabetes testing strips due to safety hazards.
Chicago corn futures hit 6-week high on strong exports
Chicago corn futures climbed to a 6-week high Wednesday, driven by robust
export. Wheat rose the most in two weeks on speculations that declining supplies
of high-quality grain would boost U.S. demand. Soybeans also advanced on strong
demand.
Chinese official calls for enhanced cultural, humanitarian
exchanges with Chile
Cultural and humanitarian exchanges and cooperation are an integral part of the
China-Chile comprehensive cooperative partnership, Chinese State Councilor Liu
Yandong said on Wednesday.
Brazil's president-elect completes cabinet lineup
Brazilian President-elect Dilma Rousseff on Wednesday named the last two members
for her cabinet, completing the lineup of her government.
Venezuelan parliament approves 13 laws
The National Assembly of Venezuela (AN) Wednesday approved 13 laws that would
promote President Hugo Chavez's political and social project in 2011.
Brazilian airline workers threaten to strike over pay dispute
The Brazilian airline workers' union said on Wednesday that they would go on
strike Thursday after failed negotiations over a pay hike.
Venezuela to establish oil company with Cuba, Angola
Venezuelan Petroleum Corporation (CVP) will set up a joint venture with Cuba and
Angola for oil exploration and extraction in northeast Venezuela, the official
news agency said on Wednesday.
Yearender: A responsible China continues its march forward in
2010
China, while maintaining robust economic growth, has continued its march forward
in 2010 and actively participated in international affairs.
DPRK leader urges "great offensive" in infrastructure
construction
Top leader Kim Jong Il of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) has
lately called for a "great offensive" to boost the country's infrastructure
construction.
Julie Andrews, Al Bell, Roger Linn gain Grammy Awards
English actress Julie Andrews, jazz drummer Roy Haynes, folk revivalists the
Kingston Trio and Juilliard String Quartet won Grammy awards for lifetime
achievement, organizers said on Wednesday.
Argentina declares yellow alert for high temperatures
The Argentine National Weather Service (SMN) declared a yellow alert for the
extreme temperatures on Wednesday in Buenos Aires as a result of a heat wave in
the region.
Bolivia expects to end 2010 with more than 2.7 bln USD external
debt
Bolivia's external debt will exceed 2.7 billion U.S. dollars, 50 million dollars
more than in 2009, the Central Bank of Bolivia (BCB) said Tuesday.
Mexican oil company blames theft for pipeline explosion
Mexico's state oil giant Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) Tuesday blamed oil thieves
for Sunday's oil pipeline explosion, which killed 28 people and injured 52
others.
Brazil's president-elect announces five more ministers
Brazil's President-elect Dilma Rousseff on Tuesday announced five more
ministers.
News Analysis: Will things improve with new Iraqi government?
by Xu Yanyan, Jamal Hashem, Song Dan
Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo says ready to accept international
election-assessing panel
Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo said Tuesday that he was
willing to have an international panel to re-examine the country's disputed
elections and the ensuing crisis.
Brazil tests new cable car line in Rio shantytown
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Tuesday launched a trial run of a
cable car line in Rio's Complexo do Alemao shantytown.
Feature: Danish Christmas: food,fun and oddities
by Devapriyo Das
Brazilian president denies further budget cuts in infrastructure
program
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva denied on Tuesday that the budget
for the Growth Acceleration Program (PAC) involving the government's
infrastructure projects would suffer any cuts in 2011.
Massive inflow of U.S. dollars poses challenges to Latin America:
IDB
The recent massive inflow of U.S. dollars into Latin America in large quantities
will pose tough challenges to the region in 2011, president of the Inter-
American Development Bank (IDB) Luis Alberto Moreno said on Tuesday in
Washington.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 22
South Korea will hold four-day drills in waters off the east coast of the Korean
peninsula starting Wednesday, two days after it conducted a live-fire exercise
near a tense border, the defense ministry said.
London stock market lower in early trade
The London stock market opened lower on Wednesday, with the leading FTSE 100
index down by 13.31 points, or 0.22 percent, at 5,938.49 points in early trade.
Urgent: Russia to declare British diplomat persona non grata:
media
The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday Russia had to declared Britain's
diplomat persona non grata because Britain "groundlessly" declared the same to a
Russian diplomat, local media reported.
Sweden decides to close five embassies
Sweden Wednesday announced a plan to shut down five embassies in Asia, Africa,
Latin America and Europe, according to a statement from the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs.
1st LD: Russia to declare British diplomat persona non grata
The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday Russia has to declare a British
diplomat persona non grata because Britain has "groundlessly" declared the same
to a Russian diplomat.
2nd LD,Writethru: Russia to declare British diplomat persona non
grata
The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday Russia has to declare Britain's
diplomat persona non grata because Britain has "groundlessly" declared the same
to a Russian diplomat.
Ukraine may lift grain export quotas in 2011
Ukraine considers lifting its grain export quotas in early 2011, Ukrainian
Agricultural Minister Mykola Prysiazhniuk said here Wednesday.
Feature: Poorer Santa Claus 2010 in Romania
by Marcela Ganea
Belarus invites India to help build energy plants
MINSK, Dec. 22 (Xinhua)-- Belarus invites Indian companies to participate in the
renovation and construction of energy plants in its territory, Prime Minister
Sergei Sidorsky said Wednesday.
Ukraine's Tymoshenko under house arrest
Ukrainian former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko said Wednesday she was placed
under house arrest.
British economic growth in third quarter revised down
Economic growth in Britain has been revised downward to 0.7 percent in the third
quarter from the 0.8 percent previously published, the Office of National
Statistics (ONS) reported Wednesday.
3rd LD,Writethru: Russia accuses Britain's expulsion of Russian
diplomat "groundless"
The Russian Foreign Ministry on Wednesday accused Britain of "groundlessly"
declaring a Russian diplomat persona non grata, saying the Britain's action was
"unfriendly" amid the improvement of bilateral ties.
London stock market higher by midday
London stock market was higher by midday on Wednesday, with the leading FTSE 100
index up by 16.44 points, or 0.28 percent, at 5,968.24 points at noon.
France warns nationals to leave Cote d'Ivoire as tensiosn rise
France on Wednesday warned its nationals in Cote d'Ivoire to leave the country
and advised travelers to stay away because of violent political upheaval.
Sweden gives guarantee to EIB for loans to Volvo
The Swedish government Wednesday offered a state guarantee to the European
Investment Bank for loans to Volvo Cars owned by China's Geely Group.
Russia, U.S. to conduct joint exercises in 2012
Russian ground troops will hold joint military exercises with the United States
in 2012, local media reported Wednesday.
Feature: Vancouver Lantern Festival illuminates darkest night
by Christine McLaren
Urgent: U.S. third-quarter economic growth revised upward
U.S. economic growth was revised upward to an annual rate of 2.6 percent in the
third quarter of this year, compared with the estimated pace of 2.5 percent in
November, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced on Wednesday.
1st LD: U.S. third-quarter economic growth revised upward to 2.6
percent
U.S. economic growth was revised upward to an annual rate of 2.6 percent in the
third quarter of this year, compared with the estimated pace of 2.5 percent in
November, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced Wednesday.
2nd LD,Writethru: U.S. third quarter economic growth revised
upward to 2.6 percent
U.S. economic growth was revised upward to an annual rate of 2.6 percent in the
third quarter of this year, compared with the estimated pace of 2.5 percent in
November, the U.S. Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
Mongolia will have nuclear power plant by 2020, says government
official
Mongolia plans to build its first nuclear power plant around 2020, officials
said Wednesday.
Russia to launch up to 53 communication satellites in five years
Russia plans to launch five Glonass communication satellites in 2011 and 48 more
later to create a Cosmonaut information highway, local media reported Wednesday.
U.S. stocks edge up on revised GDP data
U.S. stocks edged up in early trading on Wednesday after the latest GDP data
added evidence that the economy was gaining some steam.
DPRK condemns 'ignorant' U.S. lawmaker's remarks
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Wednesday condemned a U.S.
lawmaker for speaking badly toward the country, calling his words "a malignant
vituperation" against the DPRK.
DPRK condemns 'ignorant' U.S. lawmaker's remarks
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Wednesday condemned a U.S.
lawmaker for speaking badly toward the country, calling her words "a malignant
vituperation" against the DPRK.
Urgent: U.S. works to prevent terror attack over holiday season:
Senior official
White House counterterrorism chief John Brennan said on Wednesday that the
intelligence community and law enforcement agencies are working to prevent a
terror attack over the year-end holidays and are paying particular attention to
rail and other transportation systems.
Obama signs bill allowing gays, lesbians to serve in military
U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday signed into law a landmark bill
allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly in the military.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 22
U.S. economic growth was revised upward to an annual rate of 2.6 percent in the
third quarter of this year, compared with the estimated pace of 2.5 percent in
November, the U.S. Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
Moscow urges Minsk to release detainees of Russian nationals
Russia is calling for the earliest release of all Russian nationals being
detained in Belarus, the Foreign Ministry said Wednesday in a statement.
U.S. existing home sales rise 5.6 percent in November
U.S. existing-home sales rose 5.6 percent in November month on month after a
monthly decline in October, a leading industry group reported on Wednesday.
Yearender: Chinese women's volleyball team on knife edge as 2012
Olympics approaches
By sportswriter Xu Zheng
Yearender: Basketball on track to becoming China's first sport
By Sportswriter Shan Lei
Adriano confirms stays in Italy
While on vacation in his native city of Rio de Janeiro, striker Adriano revealed
on Wednesday his plans to remain with Italy's Roma FC. The news disappoints
Brazilian teams such as Corinthians, Flamengo and Palmeiras.
Champion to return for South African Tennis Open
South African Tennis Open champion Feliciano Lopez of Spain will return to
defend his title at the 2011 tournament in Johannesburg, Tennis South Africa
said on Wednesday.
Wrestlers dominate Bulgaria's Athlete of the year standing
World and European wrestling champion Stanka Zlateva won here on Wednesday
evening the "Bulgaria's Athlete of The Year for 2010" standing for second time.
Flamengo signs Argentinean midfielder Dario Botinelli
Flamengo announced on Wednesday its second addition to the 2011 soccer team.
After goalie Felipe, the team acquired Argentinean midfielder Dario Botinelli.
Santos sign keeper Aranha
The Santos soccer team announced on Wednesday the signing of goalkeeper Aranha
(or Spider in English). The ace keeper signed a three-year contract.
Carlos Alberto Parreira retires from coaching
Brazilian soccer coach Carlos Alberto Parreira announced on Wednesday his
decision to retire. The 67-year-old previously declared that he moved back to
Brazil to be closer to his family in Rio de Janeiro.
Benitez to rescind contract with Inter, confirms agent
Rafa Benitez's agent revealed on Wednesday that he is currently negotiating a
deal to "rescind the contract" of the Inter Milan manager.
Brown resigns from Bobcats' coaching post
Larry Brown has stepped down from the coaching post of the NBA Charlotte Bobcats
on Wednesday after leading Michael Jordan's club to a 9-19 start of this season.
U.S. call up international debutants for Chile friendly
Twelve players without international experience have been called up Tuesday for
the U.S. national soccer team's training camp ahead of a friendly against Chile
on Jan. 22 in Carson.
Forlan injures right ankle ligaments
Uruguay skipper Diego Forlan suffered a right ankle injury on Wednesday and will
be out for an unspecified time.
Myanmar Futsal League tourney to be held in next February
Myanmar futsal league tournament will be held in February 2011 in Myanmar aimed
at nurturing outstanding Myanmar futsal players for the development of Myanmar
futsal sports in the country as well as for the 2013 SEA Game, the local
Messenger News said in this week's issue.
Schalke and Hoffenheim victorious at German cup
Hoffenheim midfielder Sigurrdson netted a free kick goal to smooth the way for
quarterfinals at German Cup on Tuesday. At the other match Schalke eliminated
second division team Augsburg thanks to a later decider by striker Farfan.
FA nominates new chairman Bernstein
The FA Board has nominated David Bernstein to be the new Chairman of The
Football Association, announced the governing body of England football on
Wednesday.
Greek Cypriot fanatics attack Turkish basketball team
A Turkish basketball team has left Cyrus on Wednesday following a FIBA match
marred by attacks by fanatic Greek Cypriot fans of Apoel.
Russian F1 pilot to stay in races through 2012
First Russian Formula One pilot Vitali Petrov and French Lotus Renault GP
company signed a contract for 2011-2012, RBC news agency reported on Wednesday.
Xinjiang hand Guangdong second straight loss in CBA
Quincy Douby made 18 out of 19 free- throws to score 38 points, leading the
Xinjiang Guanghui to a 97-88 win over the Guangdong Hongyuan Wednesday in the
Chinese Basketball Association league (CBA).
28 donors contribute organs in Red Cross program
Twenty-eight people have donated their organs to the Red Cross Society of China
(RCSC) as of Monday since it launched a pilot program on organ donations in
March, the Red Cross said in a statement Wednesday.
3rd Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China's 2010 grain output to rise
despite floods, drought
China's grain production will increase 15.6 billion kilograms to 546.4 billion
kilograms this year as farmers' per capita net income grows 10 percent to 5,800
yuan (865.7 U.S. dollars), according to a statement released at the conclusion
of the central rural work conference which concluded here Wednesday.
Chinese vice premier stresses innovation and economic
restructuring
Chinese vice premier Li Keqiang on Wednesday called for a better environment for
enterprises to boost innovation and transformation of economic development
patterns.
Uni-President to build beverage plant in NW China province
Uni-President Enterprises Corp., Taiwan's largest food group, has agreed to
build a beverage plant in northwest China's Gansu Province, a local official
said Wednesday.
China crackdowns on central departments' false expenditure
Chinese auditors found 142 million yuan (21 million U.S. dollars) were wrongly
paid to central government departments as reimbursements of fake invoices in
June this year, and now 68.31 percent of the funds, or 97.37 million yuan, had
been recovered.
Ballet drama "Marco Polo" makes debut in Beijing
A ballet drama that depicts a love tragedy between Marco Polo and a Chinese
princess made its debut here on Wednesday.
Three killed, 21 poisoned in chemical plant accident
At least three people were killed and 21 others poisoned in a chemical plant
supposedly by toxic gas in northwest China's Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region
Thursday, local authorities said.
Beijing's tallest building to top 500 meters
A 500-meter-tall building is expected to be built in Beijing's Central Business
District, making itself the highest in the Chinese capital, China Daily reported
Thursday.
Beijing to announce new traffic rules amid frenzy car buying
The transport authority in Beijing will announce a package of detailed rules on
Thursday to ease its growing traffic gridlock, the rumors of which had caused
frenzy car buying this month.
Beijing residents protesting after being driven from parking
garage
Residents in a community in northeast Beijing continued demonstration Wednesday
against the closure of their parking garage, China Daily reported Thursday.
1st Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China to raise retired enterprise-
employees pensions,  subsidies for poor students
The State Council, China's Cabinet, announced Wednesday it will raise the
pensions of retired enterprise-employees from 2011 and increase subsidies for
poor students, amid increased inflation concerns.
China's yuan advances to 6.6466 per USD Wednesday
The value of yuan gained as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6466 per U.S. dollar Thursday, compared with Wednesday's
6.6548, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
China's stocks open lower Thursday
Chinese shares opened lower Thursday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index down 0.13 percent to 2,874.20 at the opening.
ChiNext Index opens lower Thursday
ChiNext Index was down 2.91 points to open at 1,198.74 points Thursday.
China stock index futures open mixed Thursday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Thursday. The contract for settlement
in January 2011, the most actively traded, opened 1.0 points higher at 3,244.6.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 18 HK dollars to open at 12,850 HK dollars
per tael on Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Vice mayor of Beijing resigns
Huang Wei, vice mayor of Beijing, has resigned from his post.
Hong Kong stocks open up 0.41 pct
Hong Kong stocks rose 94.39 points, or 0.41 percent, to open at 23,139.58 on
Thursday.
Mainland negotiator concludes Taiwan visit
Chinese mainland's top negotiator with Taiwan is to leave the island Wednesday
afternoon after a 48-hour visit, which saw the signing of a medical and health
care agreement.
Temperatures plunge in north China
Temperatures dropped markedly in most parts of north China Thursday morning as
the region enters it coldest period of the year.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.58 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 133.30 points, or 0.58 percent, to close Wednesday's
morning session at 23,127.16 points.
Lifter plunge kills one, trapping six others at NW China coal
mine
A lifter plunge that occurred at a coal mine under construction in northwest
China's Shaanxi Province Thursday morning has killed one worker, injured two
others and trapped at least another six , according to the provincial work
safety authority.
China Economic News in Brief: Henan salt mine; Jiangsu vegetable
oil imports; Yunnan  foreign trade; Shanghai FDI
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
Chinese shares close lower at midday Thursday
China's stocks closed lower in the morning trading session Thursday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 15.46 points, or 0.54 percent, to close
at 2,862.44 points.
2nd Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China's most difficult, expensive
railway operational
A railway considered to be China's most difficult and expensive to build started
operation Wednesday.
China Focus: Chinese Christians to celebrate Christmas with
preaching and prayers  for better future
BEIJING, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) - Although Christmas was not a significant festival
for ordinary middle-aged Chinese, Cui Shaoqi became filled with hustle and
bustle as the day draws near.
China's orbiter successfully flies through lunar eclipse
China's solar-powered lunar probe satellite Chang'e 2 has successfully stood the
test of a lunar eclipse and hours of flying in complete darkness, the Beijing
Aerospace Control Center (BACC) said Wednesday.
Two killed after truck with chemicals rolls in SW China
Two people were killed after a truck carrying chemicals overturned in Guizhou
Province Thursday, rescuers said.
China Exclusive: Controversy clouds debate on China's toughest
smoking law
by Xinhua writers Xu Lingui, Shen Yang
Urgent: China rejects Vatican's criticism as very imprudent,
ungrounded
A spokesperson of China's State Administration for Religious Affairs on
Wednesday said Vatican's criticism of a recently held national congress of
Chinese Catholics was both very imprudent and ungrounded.
China archeological news in brief: Ancient water gate on Grand
Canal; pre-historic  Sanxingdui Ruins
The following are Chinese archeological news items in brief:
Taiwan stocks close 0.37 pct higher
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Wednesday with the weighted index up 32.7
points, or 0.37 percent, to close at 8,860.49, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
China's 2010 grain output expected to rise despite floods,
drought
Despite floods and drought, China's grain production this year is expected to
rise to 546.4 billion kilograms, up 15.6 billion kilograms from last year, said
Minister of Agriculture Han Changbin on Wednesday.
1st Ld Writethru: Mainland negotiator concludes Taiwan visit
Chinese mainland's top negotiator with Taiwan left the island Wednesday
afternoon after a 48-hour visit, which saw the signing of a medical and health
care agreement.
China stocks drop after fuel price increase adds inflationary
worries
Chinese equities closed lower on Wednesday as the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index dropped 0.9 percent, or 26.21 points, to close at 2,877.9 points.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 22
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, fell
13.28 points, or 1.1 percent, to close at 1,201.65 on Wednesday.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 22
China's stock index futures closed down Wednesday with the contract for January
2011, the most actively traded, down 1.46 percent from the previous trading day
to end at 3,243.6 points.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec.22
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at 3,215.45 points Wednesday, down 34.06 points, or 1.05
percent, from the previous close.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 22
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,877.9 points on Wednesday, down 26.21 points, or 0.9 percent, from the
previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices down -- Dec. 22
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower
Wednesday to end at 12,766.95 points, down 105.49 points, or 0.82 percent.
Fog disrupts air, road traffic in China
More than 3,000 passengers have been stranded after heavy fog blanketed an
airport in northeast China's Liaoning Province Wednesday.
Hong Kong stocks close 0.22 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed up 51.33 points, or 0.22 percent, at 23,045.19 on
Wednesday.
1st LD: China's 2010 grain output to rise despite floods,
drought: minister
China's grain production will rise to 546.4 billion kilograms this year, up 15.6
billion kilograms from last year, Minister of Agriculture Han Changbin said
Wednesday.
China spends 5 bln USD on poverty relief for ethnic minorities
over 5 years
The Chinese government has spent 34.24 billion yuan (5.1 billion U.S. dollars)
in poverty relief in regions inhabited by ethnic minorities over the past five
years, said a senior ethnic affairs official here Wednesday.
China launches new state asset management company to accelerate
reshuffle
China on Wednesday unveiled a new asset management company, with an aim of
restructuring uncompetitive state-owned enterprises (SOEs), in a bid to enhance
their profitability through stepped-up consolidations.
1st Ld Writethru: Chinese stocks drop as fuel price increase
stirs inflation fears
Chinese equities fell Wednesday as fresh inflation concerns mounted after
authorities announced an increase in fuel prices late Tuesday.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks end 0.22 pct higher
Hong Kong stocks closed slightly higher on Wednesday, with the weighted index
rising 51.33 points, or 0.22 percent, to end at 23,045.19.
Hong Kong social assistance caseload down 0.3 pct
The number of Hong Kong's overall Comprehensive Social Security Assistance cases
in November fell 949 over October, representing a decrease of 0.3 percent, the
city's Social Welfare Department said Wednesday.
Police rescue hundreds of women, children kidnapped in SW China
Police have rescued 151 children and 209 women from crime rings in southwest
China's Guizhou Province over the past two years in a campaign against human
trafficking, local authorities said Wednesday.
China congratulates Iraq on formation of new government: FM
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said here Wednesday that China
welcomed the formation of a new Iraqi government.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 22
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 22:
China rejects Vatican's criticism as very imprudent, ungrounded
A spokesperson of China's State Administration for Religious Affairs (SARA) on
Wednesday said Vatican's criticism of the recent national congress of Chinese
Catholics was very imprudent and ungrounded.
China to raise retired enterprise-employees pensions, subsidies
for poor students
The State Council, China's Cabinet, announced Wednesday it will raise the
pensions of retired enterprise-employees from 2011 and increase subsidies for
poor students, amid increased inflation concerns.
China opens exhibition on relief work in northwestern mudslide-
hit county
China on Wednesday opened an exhibition on the relief work carried out after a
massive mudslide devastated Zhouqu County in northwest China's Gansu Province
earlier this year.
1st Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China rejects Vatican's criticism
as very imprudent,  ungrounded
China has rejected the Vatican's criticism of a recent national congress of
Chinese Catholics, blaming the Vatican for damaging relations between the two
sides.
1st Ld: China launches new state asset management company to
accelerate reshuffle
China on Wednesday unveiled a new asset management company, with the aim of
restructuring uncompetitive state-owned enterprises (SOEs) through stepped-up
mergers.
1st Ld-Writethru: China spends 5 bln USD on poverty relief for
ethnic minorities  over 5 years
The Chinese government has spent 34.24 billion yuan (5.1 billion U.S. dollars)
in poverty relief in regions inhabited by ethnic minorities over the past five
years, said a senior ethnic affairs official here Wednesday.
Second phase of China-Kazakhstan gas pipeline begins construction
The China National Petroleum Corp. (CNPC) disclosed Wednesday that the second
phase of the China- Kazakhstan gas pipeline has begun construction in
Kazakhstan.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong -- Dec. 22
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 18 HK dollars to 12,868 HK dollars per tael
on Wednesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
China Enterprises Index up 0.03 pct -- Dec. 22
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index moved up 3.87 points, or 0.03 percent, to
close at 12,611.30 on Wednesday.
2nd LD: China's 2010 grain output to rise despite floods, drought
China's grain production will increase 15.6 billion kilograms to 546.4 billion
kilograms this year as farmers' per capita net income grows 10 percent to 5,800
yuan (865.7 U.S. dollars), according to a statement released after the central
rural work conference which concluded here Wednesday.
President Hu meets chief executives of HK, Macao SARs
President Hu Jintao met Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) Chief
Executive Donald Tsang and Macao SAR Chief Executive Fernando Chui Sai On in
Beijing Wednesday when the two SAR government leaders reported their work to
central authorities.
China, Mongolia pledge to enhance military ties
Chinese National Defense Minister Liang Guanglie and Tserendejid Byambajav, the
visiting chief of general staff of the Mongolian armed forces, met in Beijing
Tuesday and pledged to enhance bilateral military cooperation.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Mainland negotiators conclude Taiwan visit
Chinese mainland's top negotiator with Taiwan left the island Wednesday
afternoon after a 48-hour visit, which saw the signing of a medical and health
care agreement.
China targets 10 pct annual growth of foreign trade in 2011
China has set targets of 10 percent growth both in foreign trade and non-
financial overseas direct investment in 2011, a senior commerce official said
Wednesday.
China to add more items to tariff reduction catalog to boost
imports: MOC official
China will add more items to its preferential technologies and products import
catalog to boost mechanical and electrical products imports, a Ministry of
Commerce (MOC) official said Wednesday.
China's fast developing service industry needs further boost:
report
China's service industry experienced rapid growth from 2006 to 2010, but it
still lags behind the country's overall development, a work report on China's
service industry has said.
50 Macao students stranded in London airport return home
Macao's Tourism Crisis Management Office Wednesday said that 50 of the 136 Macao
students who were stranded at the London Heathrow airport have flied back to
Hong Kong and were expected to return to Macao later Wednesday night.
China's Central Television to launch bilingual documentary
channel in new year
China Central Television (CCTV) said Wednesday it will next year launch a new
documentary channel, CCTV-9, to showcase Chinese history, culture and society.
Over 45 million migrant workers join China's urban workers'
medical insurance system:  NDRC report
A total of 45.73 million migrant workers have joined China's urban workers'
medical insurance system, the country's top economic planner, the National
Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), said in a report Wednesday.
2nd LD-Writethru-China Focus: China launches new state asset
management company to accelerate reshuffling of small businesses
China unveiled a new asset- management company that aims to restructure and
merge small, uncompetitive state-owned enterprises (SOEs) on Wednesday.
China Focus: In festive or solemn mood, Chinese observe winter
solstice and await  Christmas
Some gulped down bowls of dumplings or glutinous rice balls, while others burned
incense and paper money to worship their ancestors, as people across China on
Wednesday celebrated winter solstice, a working holiday, with varied traditions.
China's lawmakers hear reports on ethic affairs, health care
reform, service industry
Chinese lawmakers have heard a series of the State Council's reports on the
development of ethnic minorities, and regarding the country's health care reform
and service industry, at a meeting Wednesday during the bimonthly session of the
Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress (NPC), China's top
legislature.
Yearender: Worry grips Sudan as new year looms
by Fayez el-Zaki Hassan and Ahmed Sayed
Main culprit plotting to kill Algerian president sentenced to
death
An Algerian court handed down on Thursday a death penalty for a chief culprit of
a botched 2007 assassination against President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, local media
reported.
Saudi firm opens women-only call center
A Saudi travel agent company has opened its ground-breaking women-only call
center, the local Arab News daily reported on Thursday.
Iran arrests four "terrorists" in northwestern country: official
General and Revolution Prosecutor of Iran's northwestern city of Mahabad said
the security police arrested four alleged "terrorists" in the city of Mahabad,
the official IRNA news agency reported on Thursday.
1st LD: ECO summit starts in Istanbul
The 11th summit of heads of state and government of the Economic Cooperation
Organization (ECO) started here on Thursday.
Urgent: ECO summit starts in Istanbul
The 11th summit of heads of state and government of the Economic Cooperation
Organization (ECO) started here Thursday.
Iraqi Christians cancel Christmas celebrations
Iraqi Christian minority cancelled Christmas celebrations in two cities in
northern the country over fears of al-Qaida attacks, church officials told
Xinhua on Thursday.
2nd LD: ECO summit kicks off in Istanbul
The 11th summit of heads of state and government of the Economic Cooperation
Organization (ECO) kicked off here at Ciragan Palace on Thursday.
3rd LD: ECO summit starts in Istanbul
The 11th summit of heads of state and government of the Economic Cooperation
Organization (ECO) started here on Thursday.
Yearender: Yemen-based al-Qaida bring about renewed threats in
2010
by Wang Qiuyun, Aqeel al-Halali, Mohamed al-Azaki
Gunmen kill senior Iraqi officer in Baghdad
Gunmen shot dead a senior Iraqi army officer and wounded a police officer in two
attacks in western Baghdad, an Interior Ministry source said on Thursday.
Iran welcomes formation of Iraqi gov't, vows to support:
spokesman
Iran welcomed the vote of confidence to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's
new cabinet and said Iran will be by the side of the Iraqi government, the state
IRIB website reported Thursday.
Israel prepares ground for military operation in Gaza: PLO
official
Israel has been preparing the ground for a new military operation in the Gaza
Strip, a Palestinian official said Thursday, following Israeli fire injured two
people in northern Gaza.
Israeli army shoots two, arrests three in West Bank
The Israeli army shot and wounded two Palestinians travelling in a car in the
West Bank city of Hebron, witnesses and security sources said Thursday.
Turkey pleased Armenian genocide bill not brought up in U.S.
house session
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said here on Thursday that Turkey was
pleased that a bill recognizing the Armenian genocide had not been brought up in
the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday.
Turkish, Iranian, Azerbaijani foreign ministers pass joint
statement
The foreign ministers of Turkey, Iran and Azerbaijan met here Thursday and
passed a joint statement calling for greater trilateral cooperation and an
increase in minister-level trilateral meetings.
Iraqi president meets with Turkey's Kurdish leaders on Kurdish
issue
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani Thursday met here with Turkey's prominent Kurdish
figures on the sidelines of the 11th summit of the Economic Cooperation
Organization (ECO), in a bid to find a peaceful solution to the Kurdish problem.
PNA welcomes lifting taxes on Palestinian exports to Europe
The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) on Thursday welcomed the European
Union's (EU) plans to grant Gaza products free duty access to its markets.
Gaza militants receive no training from foreign experts: Hamas
The deposed Hamas government of Gaza on Thursday denied Israeli media reports
that Iranian and Syrian experts entered Gaza to help improve military capability
of Palestinian militant groups.
Roundup: Disputes over prisoners annul reconciliation meeting
between Fatah, Hamas
by Osama Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Syrian security detains local spy operating for Israel
Syrian authorities recently have arrested a prominent Syrian security official
on charge of espionage for Israel, local Damascus Press news website reported on
Thursday.
Hamas suspends reconciliation talks with Fatah
Damascus-based senior Hamas official Musa Abu Marzouq declared Thursday that
Hamas has decided to suspend reconciliation talks with its Palestinian secular
rival Fatah, Hamas official website reported.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,378 points on
Thursday, increasing by two points from Wednesday's finish.
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange closes lower
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,065.47 points on
Thursday, down 8. 74 points from Wednesday's close.
Turkey welcomes U.S. stance on Armenian resolution
Turkish President Abdullah Gul on Thursday welcomed the U.S. stance by
executives who prevented the resolution on the Armenian allegations regarding
the incidents of 1915 from being included in the official daily agenda of the
U.S. House of Representatives.
UN hands over ballot papers to south Sudan referendum commission
The United Nations on Thursday handed over the ballot papers for south Sudan
referendum to officials of the South Sudan Referendum Commission (SSRC), less
than 20 days ahead of the process, slated on Jan. 9, 2011.
Iraq bids to join ECO
Iraq has made a bid to join the Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO), Turkish
President Abdullah Gul said Thursday at the end of a one-day summit of ECO
members.
Israeli soldiers kill one Palestinian in Gaza
A Palestinian shepherd died of serious wound late Thursday after he was shot by
Israeli soldiers near the Gaza-Israel border in the morning, accordign to medic
sources.
Half of Israeli Arabs to become citizens of Palestinian state:
Israeli FM
Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman claims that at least half of Israel's
Arab residents would likely end up as citizens of the future Palestinian state,
following territorial and population swaps as part of a possible peace agreement
to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Iranian president dismisses Western sanctions as ineffective
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad dismissed recent Western-imposed sanctions
as ineffective here on Thursday.
Security forces seize over 200 kg of hashish in east Turkey
Turkish security forces seized 204.5 kg of hashish in an anti-drug operation in
east Turkey on Thursday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
Lebanese MP says Hezbollah refusing evidence based on telecom
data "unreasonable"
A member of parliament of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri's Future Movement
described as " unreasonable" Thursday Hezbollah's questioning of the validity of
telecom evidence in the probe into the assassination of the premier's father.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 23
The 11th summit of heads of state and government of the Economic Cooperation
Organization (ECO) started here on Thursday.
ECO summit issues declaration on regional economic cooperation
The 11th summit of the heads of state and government of the Economic Cooperation
Organization (ECO) concluded here on Thursday and adopted a declaration focusing
on regional economic cooperation.
Survivors of sinking fish boat arrive in New Zealand's Bluff port
The 20 survivors from the sinking of the South Korean fishing boat Insung No 1
in the Southern Ocean arrived in New Zealand South Island's southern port of
Bluff on Thursday night.
Dollar trades around 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the lower 83 yen zone early Friday morning in Tokyo.
Australian troops asked to leave Timor-Leste
Timor-Leste Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao said the country could now manage its
own problems and Australian troops should leave, Australia's media reported on
Friday.
Australian Federal Police, gov't being sued for human rights
breach
The Commonwealth of Australia and two former police officers have been accused
of torturing citizens and breaking human rights law, in a landmark class action
case filed in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) Supreme Court on Friday.
7 new natural disaster zones declared in Australia's New South
Wales
Seven more natural disaster areas in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) were
declared on Friday as the worst flooding in years shows no signs of letting up
over Christmas.
Seoul shares open higher
South Korean shares opened higher Friday.
Australian Navy to launch investigation on drugs scandal: chief
Australian Navy Chief Vice Admiral Russ Crane on Friday said allegations of drug
use and trafficking by sailors at Sydney's Garden Island dockyards will not be
swept under the carpet.
Nepal to hold 11th National Census
Nepali government has allocated 1.18 billion Nepali rupees (some 16.6 million
U.S. dollars) for the 11th National Census scheduled to be held on June 17-27,
2011.
Urgent: Several security personnel missing following check post
attack in NW Pakistan
Several security personnel went missing following an attack launched by
militants early Friday morning in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of Mohmand
Agency, reported local English TV channel Express, adding that at least one
militant was killed and two others injured during the attack.
Yearender: Australian Labor faces a tough 2011
by Cao Yang, Vienna Ma
1st LD Writethru: Security check post attacked by militants in NW
Pakistan
At least one militant was killed and two others were injured during clashes with
security forces Friday morning in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of Mohmand
Agency, reported local English TV channel Express.
Job vacancies hit 4-year high in Singapore
The number of job vacancies in Singapore hit a four-year high of 50,200 this
September, a 36 percent rise over the 36,900 openings in the previous September,
when Singapore was recovering from a recession.
Dollar trades at lower 83 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded in the lower 83 yen zone early Friday morning in Tokyo.
Singapore firms buying up distressed assets
Singapore firms have been picking up distressed assets, such as property in the
United States and Indonesia, in the aftermath of global financial crisis.
NZ welcomes nuclear arms treaty between U.S., Russia
The New Zealand government on Thursday welcomed the United States' decision to
ratify a landmark nuclear arms control treaty with Russia.
Indian stocks open lower
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 19,911.46 points Friday, 71.42 points
lower from previous close of 19,982.88 points on weaker world stock prices.
2nd LD Writethru:  Suicide bomber kills one policeman in northern
Afghanistan
A suicide bomber blew himself up near a police checkpoint in Kunduz city,
capital of Afghanistan's northern Kunduz province, on Thursday morning, killing
a policeman and injured four civilians, deputy to provincial police chief said.
Australian dollar ends higher
The Australian dollar on Friday managed to stay above parity with the U.S.
dollar as downwards pressure from positive American economic data was canceled
out by strong commodity prices.
Myanmar to hold variety of celebrations to greet Christmas
Myanmar is making preparations to hold various functions grandly to greet the
Western seasonal festival -- Christmas this year, participated by people of all
ages.
Roundup: Cambodia's postal system to go public
Cambodia's postal system will officially become a public enterprise on Jan. 1,
2011 with the initial capital of 17 million U.S. dollars, said a senior official
at the Ministry of Post and Telecommunications (MPTC) on Thursday.
Indonesia pledges to contain inflation next year
JAKARTA, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) - Indonesia's central bank on Wednesday warned of
higher inflation next year due to rising food and commodity prices, but vowed to
act to contain it, the JakartaGlobe reported on Thursday.
Australian gov't launches intelligence review
Australian government on Thursday launched an independent review of the
intelligence agencies to ensure they work effectively together and are well
positioned and resourced for their role in preserving Australia's national
security and interests.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 23
The Victorian court on Thursday found three men guilty of planning a terrorist
attack on an Australian army base in Sydney.
Urgent: S. Korea begins massive firing drills near border with
DPRK
South Korea began large-scale live- fire drills Thursday involving fighter jets
and artillery guns near a heavily fortified land border with the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), the defense ministry said.
Australian sugarcane industry suffers huge loss due to heavy
rains
About 800 million AU dollars (801 million U.S. dollars) in profit from sugarcane
crops has been washed away by torrential downpours along Australia's eastern
seacoast in 2010, sugar producers said on Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: S. Korea begins massive firing drills near
border with DPRK
South Korea began large-scale drills Thursday involving fighter jets and
artillery guns near a heavily fortified land border with the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea (DPRK) amid lingering military tension, the defense ministry
said.
Australia's Chief of Navy issues drug warning to sailors
Australia's Chief of Navy on Thursday said he has written an open letter to Navy
personnel addressing the recent exposure of an alleged drug ring at Sydney's
Garden Island Naval Base.
Singapore's inflation reaches 3.8 pct in November
Singapore's consumer price index increased a high of 3.8 percent in November
over the same period a year ago, as a result of higher costs of transport,
housing and food.
S. Korea to use vaccines against spread of foot-and-mouth disease
South Korea will vaccinate animals in five areas to deter the spread of foot-
and-mouth disease that has affected three provinces so far, the Ministry for
Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries said Thursday.
Singapore to showcase latest media technology for education
The Media Development Authority of Singapore (MDA) said on Thursday it will be
leading a delegation to the British Educational and Training Technology Show
(BETT) in January next year in London.
Thai gov't to lift emergency decree in southernmost province of
Pattani
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Thursday said the cabinet is
considering revoking the Emergency Decree in Maelan district of southernmost
Pattani province.
Roundup: Philippine stocks rally Thursday; Alliance Global buys
shares in Fil-Estate Land
by Kristine Jane R. Liu
S. Korea's childbirth in October sees biggest jump in three years
South Korea's childbirth posted the biggest growth in three years in October on
the back of improving economic conditions, a government report showed Thursday.
Roundup: Rising inflation makes Pakistanis life difficult
By Jamil Bhatti
20 more border guards jailed for mutiny involvement in Bangladesh
A special court of Bangladesh's border guards on Thursday sentenced 20 personnel
of the paramilitary force to different terms of rigorous imprisonment for the
February 2009 mutiny involvement.
Foreigners can take part in Malaysia's largest project
Foreign companies can take part in Malaysia's largest infrastructure project,
the mass rapid transport (MRT) system, whose construction is scheduled to kick
off next July.
Philippine import bill to continue rising on strong consumer
demand
Strong demand for electronic products and a liberalized air policy will sustain
Philippine import growth, a senior official said Thursday.
S. Korean president visits front-line army unit
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak visited an army unit Thursday to give a pep
talk to soldiers on the front line as the country held massive firing drills
near the border with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), Lee' s
office Cheong Wa Dae said Thursday.
Thai PM: "Red-shirt" leader can submit bail petition
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Thursday said that the anti-government
red-shirts can submit a bail petition for the seven detained red-shrit co-
leaders but it is up to the Criminal Court to decide whether to grant bail or
not.
Afghan forces kill 6 militants, capture another
Afghan forces backed by NATO-led troops killed six Taliban fighters and arrested
another in the eastern Ghazni province 149 km from capital Kabul on Thursday, an
army officer Daud Shah Wafadar said.
Philippine GDP seen to grow 6-7 pct in 2010
The Philippine economy is forecast to grow 6-7 percent this year on back of
improved consumer spending and growth in manufacturing and services sector
Thailand turns to mobile digital devices to promote tourism
With the rising popularity of digitally mobile devices, Thailand now turns to
hand-held electronic equipment to promote its tourism.
Thai PM to report to public gov't achievements over past 2 years
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva will summarize to the public his
administration's the achievements over the past two years and future plans, a
minister said Thursday.
No "hunt and kill" on red-shirts: Thai deputy PM
Thailand's Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban on Thursday dismissed words
that "red shirts" were being hunted to death, following the death of a local
leader of the anti-government movement in Chiang Mai.
Wounded Australian soldier flown from Afghanistan to Germany
An Australian soldier seriously wounded in an improvised explosive device (IED)
explosion in Afghanistan has been flown to Germany for specialist treatment,
Defense Force said on Thursday.
Seoul shares close flat
Seoul shares closed flat on Thursday.
Thai farmers threaten to dump paddy at Gov't House to protest
falling rice price
Thai rice farmers have threatened to dump paddy in front of Government House
after the New Year if nothing is done to solve the problem of falling rice
prices, Thai media reported Thursday.
Vietnam lowers petroleum import taxes
Vietnamese Ministry of Finance (MOF) decided here Thursday to lower petroleum
import taxes from 12 percent to 6 percent, Vietnam News Agency reported.
S. Korea partially eases military alert level
South Korea partially eased its military alert level, local media reported
Thursday citing the Joint Chiefs of Staff in Seoul.
Thai defense minister: spending under decree transparent
Thai Defense Minister Prawit Wongsuwon insists the spending of the now-disbanded
Center for the Resolution of the Emergency Situation (CRES) is transparent,
saying the center has no problem if its expenditure will be scrutinized.
Singapore shares end 0.21 pct lower
The shares prices in Singapore fell 6.53 points or 0.21 percent on Thursday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,137.78 points.
Philippine President to sign 2011 national budget next week
Philippine President Benigno S. Aquino III is signing on Monday the 1.64
trillion pesos (37.1 billion U.S. dollars) national budget for 2011.
Post-tsunami development in Indonesia's Aceh beyond expectations:
UNDP
Post-tsunami development in Indonesia's Aceh province has surpassed expectations
with increasing life expectancy and declining poverty, Antara News Agency quoted
a United Nations Development Program (UNDP) official in Thursday's report.
Indonesian president asks for taxation improvement
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Thursday asked authorities to
improve taxation as an effort to boost investment climate in the country.
Vietnam holds conference on facilitating export to Russia
A conference on supporting Vietnamese companies to boost exports to Russian
market opened in Vietnam's southern Ho Chi Minh City on Thursday, the Vietnam
News Agency reported.
Malaysia tin market closes higher
The local tin market closed higher here Thursday, and the trading volume rose
compared with Wednesday.
2 soldiers shot dead in Thai's Narathiwat province
Two Thai soldiers were killed and two female civilians wounded by gunmen in the
southern province of Narathiwat province Thursday morning, Thai media reported.
Urgent: Laos announces state leaders reshuffle
Pany Yathotu was elected as new President of National Assembly and Thongsing
Thammavong was appointed new Prime Minister of Laos, Lao National TV reported on
Thursday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 23
The Philippine economy is forecast to grow 6-7 percent this year on back of
improved consumer spending and growth in manufacturing and services sector
1st lD: Laos announces state leaders reshuffle
The Lao People's Democratic Republic announced on Thursday a reshuffle of state
leaders, the Lao National TV reported.
3,000 displaced families in S. Philippines expected to return
homes by end of 2011
Some 3,000 displaced families seeking refuge in evacuation centers in conflict
areas in Mindanao are expected to return to their homes by the end of 2011, a
senior Philippine government official said on Thursday.
Thailand to ask for extension of Panda cub's stay
Thai authorities will discuss with the Chinese delegation in January on the
extension of a panda cub' s stay in Thailand for two more years.
Indonesia's oil output below target in 2010
Oil production in Indonesia has reached 947,000 barrels per day this year, lower
than the target of 965,000 barrels per day, partly due to a leaking at piping,
Raden Priyono, head of oil and gas watchdog BP Migas, said here Thursday.
Indian stocks close down 0.16 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex declined 32.92 points or 0.16 percent Thursday
on weak growth momentum.
Pakistani PM rejects U.S. pressure for military operation
Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani told the National Assembly on
Thursday that Pakistan will not accept any pressure from the United States or
any other country to launch a military operation against militants in the
restive North Waziristan tribal region.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 23
The Philippine market finished Thursday's session up by 1.27 percent.   The
bellwether Philippine Stock Exchange index gained 52.35 points to 4,166.04. The
broader all-are index rose by 0.68 percent or 19.86 points to 2,936.64.
Pakistan says no U.S. troops operation in its tribal regions
Pakistan said on Thursday that it will not accept any ground operation by the
U.S. troops in its tribal regions bordering Afghanistan.
Indonesian industry asks for lower credit interest
Indonesian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KADIN) on Thursday asked for lower
interest of credits to boost industry competitiveness amid free trade with some
countries.
Interview: Domestic demand to drive Thai economy in 2011: central
bank governor
By Sinfah Tunsarawuth
Army helicopter crashes in India-controlled Kashmir
A helicopter of the Indian army crashed Wednesday in Indian- controlled Kashmir,
Indian defense officials Thursday said.
2nd LD Writethru: Laos announces state leaders reshuffle
The 10th Ordinary Session of the sixth National Assembly of the Lao PDR closed
on Thursday, announcing a reshuffle of state leaders, state media reports said.
Indian president calls for banking for all
Indian President Pratibha Patil Thursday called on banks to make their services
available to all, saying only 45 percent people in this country has access to
bank accounts.  "Banking services should be made available to all. No doubt the
banking system in the country has grown but it has enormous possibilities of
expansion, considering that it is still to reach the unbanked areas," Patil said
at a ceremony of a nationalized bank in financial capital Mumbai.  "Currently,
just about 45 percent of the Indian population has access to bank accounts, and
there is a low ratio of one bank branch for 16,000 people,"he said.
Lao national assembly approves high-speed railway linking China
The Lao National Assembly gave its permission to a plan of high-speed railway
construction linking China to the Laotian capital of Vientiane, Lao News Agency
(KPL) reported on Thursday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 23
Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani told the National Assembly on
Thursday that Pakistan will not accept any pressure from the United States or
any other country to launch a military operation against militants in the
restive North Waziristan tribal region.
Roundup: Pakistan's KSE sheds to 11,800 on macroeconomic concerns
Investors remained cautious at Pakistan's Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) on
Thursday as the Islamabad-incumbent government reached the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) for a 9-month extension in the loan program.
Cote d'Ivoire's opposition accuses Constitutional Council of
"disregarding law"
The leader of Cote d'Ivoire's opposition Workers Party (PIT), Francis Wodie, on
Wednesday said the Constitutional Council "did not follow the law during the
announcement of the presidential run-off results."
Zambian leader invites opposition political parties
Zambian President Rupiah Banda has invited opposition political parties to work
with his government in building of the nation, the Zambia Daily Mail reported on
Thursday.
Yearender: Technology transforms Kenya's economy
by Bedah Mengo
Anti-paedophilia group to launch massive campaign in Gambia
APAP, an international organization formed in 2009 to fight against paedophilia
and prostitution, has expressed determination to embark on a massive
sensitization campaign Gambia in 2011.
UN team to visit Nigeria in January over arms shipment
The UN is sending a eight-man team to Nigeria  in the third week of January over
the arms shipment intercepted from Iran, a senior official has said.
Roundup: DR Congo opposed to removal from U. S. opportunity list
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo), through its
Communication Minister Lambert Mende, has reacted angrily to the country's
removal from the U. S. program of "African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA)", a
program which allows African countries to export products to the United States.
Nigerian Senate passes 24 bills, 27 resolution in 2010
The Nigerian Senate has passed 24 bills and 27 resolutions during its 2010
calendar year.
Nigeria begins commercialization of power companies
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan said his administration has begun full
commercialization of the various companies established to succeed the Power
Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN).
South African officials arrested for selling passports to
Pakistanis
South Africa's home affairs department said on Thursday that three of its
officials were arrested in Pretoria for selling illegal passports to foreigners.
China grants 11. 4 mln USD to Burundi in aid to economic, health
sectors
Chinese Ambassador to Burundi Yu Xuzhong and Burundian Foreign Minister Augustin
Nsanze has signed three accords worth some 11. 4 million U. S. dollars to boost
the economic and health sectors.
Gabonese president rejects opposition demand to resign
Gabonese President Ali Bongo Ondimba on Wednesday rejected the demand by the
opposition that he resign because he was not "properly elected."
News Analysis: Sun sets for Zimbabwe's luckiest man
by Tichaona Chifamba
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's state TV pulled from air in cities other
than Abidjan: report
Cote d'Ivoire's state TV has been pulled from air in cities other than the main
city of Abidjan, media reports said Thursday.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's state TV pulled from air in cities other
than Abidjan: report
Cote d'Ivoire's state TV has been pulled from air in cities other than the main
city of Abidjan, media reports said Thursday.
Russian stocks close higher
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed on Thursday with both key indexes
higher.
1st Ld-Writethru: Twenty people feared buried by landslide in
northeastern Colombia
At least 20 people were believed to have been buried by a landslide that took
place on a highway in the northeastern department of Santander in Colombia,
local authorities said on Thursday.
Wall Street poised for fourth weekly gain
The U.S. stocks traded mixed on Thursday, the last trading session before
Christmas, while major indexes were still on track for their fourth straight
weekly gain as more upbeat economic data reinforced views that the economy was
recovering at a more rapid pace.
U.S. durable goods orders drop 1.3 percent in November
Orders for manufactured durable goods dipped 1.3 percent in November, but orders
outside auto and aircraft increased, the U.S. Commerce Department reported on
Thursday.
U.S. new home sales rise 5.5 percent in November
Sales of new single-family houses in the United States increased 5.5 percent in
November, fresh evidence of the recovery of the U.S. housing market and economic
outlook, reported the Commerce Department on Thursday.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed slightly higher on Thursday, with the leading
FTSE 100 index up 12. 58 points, or 0.21 percent, at 5,996.07 points.
U.S., EU urge Belarus to release protesters
The United States and the European Union (EU) on Thursday called for the
immediate release of the presidential candidates and over 600 demonstrators
reportedly taken into custody in the wake of the presidential elections in
Belarus.
Dutch enjoy first natural ice spectacle
Skating minded people in the Netherlands are hoping for even more frigid days.
Tunisian Chess Federation organizes Arab Youth Championship
The Arab Youth Chess Championship which started on Tuesday in the coastal town
of Monastir will run until Dec. 28, 2010, the Tunisian press agency TAP
reported.
Barca to play preseason game in US
Barcelona is to visit the United States as part of its preseason arrangement
next summer, planning games against Manchester United, AC Milan and Mexico's
America.
4th Ld-Writethru: Two bomb explosions injure two at embassies in
Rome
Two bomb explosions respectively hit the Swiss and Chilean embassies in Rome on
Thursday, each injuring one person in the diplomatic missions, the ANSA news
agency reported.
Hungarian Parliament adopts 2011 budget over opposition protests
Hungary's parliament adopted the country's 2011 national budget on Thursday,
amid opposition protests over the sacking of the Budget Council and its reliance
on temporary inflows.
Urgent: Gold further retreats as investors cash in holdings at
yearend
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on
Thursday declined for the second straight day, as investors cashed in their gold
holdings at the yearend after this year's strong rally. Silver also joined the
falling line.
Toyota to pay 10 million dollars to settle lawsuit over San Diego
crash
Toyota Motor Corp. has agreed to pay 10 million dollars to settle a lawsuit over
a fiery crash last year in San Diego, Southern California, it was reported on
Thursday.
UN calls for end to human rights violations in Cote d'Ivoire
The United Nations Human Rights Council passed a resolution on Thursday at its
Special Session, strongly condemning human rights violations that had taken
place in Cote d'Ivoire following the Nov. 28 presidential election, and called
upon all the relevant parties to "immediately put an end" to all violation
actions.
1st Ld-Writethru: Gold further retreats as investors cash in
holdings at yearend
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on
Thursday declined for the second straight day amid low turnover, as investors
cashed in their gold holdings at the yearend after this year's strong rally.
Urgent: Oil surges on U.S. economic data
Crude prices surged on Thursday as a series of U.S. data showed a picking-up of
economy recovery and positive oil demand prospects. Light, sweet crude for
February delivery rose 1.03 U.S. dollars to 91.51 dollars a barrel on the New
York Mercantile.
Pan-European drug trafficking ring busted, hundreds arrested
Nearly 400 suspected heroin dealers linked to a huge trafficking ring allegedly
controlling the entire heroin market in Vienna and Frankfurt had been arrested
in an international joint operation, Austrian police said on Thursday.
U.S. woman receives life sentence for killing boyfriend's mother,
brother
A woman was sentenced to life in prison on Thursday in Maywood, a village in the
west of Chicago, for setting fire to a house and killing her boyfriend's mother
and his 6-year-old brother.
1st Ld-Writethru: Crude prices surge on U.S. economic data
Crude prices gained for the fifth straight day on Thursday as a series of U.S.
data showed a picking-up of economy recovery and positive oil demand prospects.
Urgent: Wall Street mixed on last trading day before Christmas
U.S. stocks closed narrowly mixed on Thursday, the last trading day before
Christmas. The Dow rose, while the S&amp;P 500 and the Nasdaq dipped.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as the euro remains vulnerable
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Thursday as the euro stayed weak.
1st Ld-Writethru: Wall Street mixed on last trading day before
Christmas
U.S. stocks closed mixed on Thursday, the last trading day before Christmas,
while major indexes were still on track for their fourth straight weekly gain as
more upbeat economic data reinforced views that the economy was recovering at a
more rapid pace.
1st LD Writethru: Dollar mixed as the euro remains vulnerable
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Thursday as the euro stayed weak.
U.S., Russian presidents discuss nuclear treaty over phone
U.S. President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev on
Thursday discussed the new START treaty on the phone, said the White House in a
statement.
Turkey's Besiktas signs Portugese winger Simao Sabrosa
Turkey's Besiktas have sealed a deal with Atletico Madrid's Portuguese winger
Simao Sabrosa, the Anatolia news agency reported Thursday.
Roundup: Wall Street ends pre-holiday session on quiet note
The U.S. stocks ended narrowly mixed on Thursday in very quiet trading as
investors were reluctant to make big changes to their portfolios before
Christmas.
Interview: Biofuel for aviation a real possibility: Boeing
executive
Progress made in the past five years showed that supplying aviation with biofuel
could be achievable in the visible future, a Boeing executive told Xinhua in a
recent interview.
Chicago soybeans hike to 27-month high on strong demands
Chicago soybeans futures on Thursday hit the highest level since September 2008
as U.S. announced stronger-than-expected export data. Corn also hiked,
concluding a fifth straight weekly gain but wheat fell a little as the export is
basically in line with expectation.
Canadian stocks fall slightly in light trading
Canadian stocks fell slightly in light trading on Thursday with the Christmas
holidays pending. The S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index closed down 9.50 points, or
0.07 percent, at 13,371.20.
Obama to address budget, deficit in State of Union: White House
U.S. President Barack Obama will focus on federal budget and deficit in his
second State of the Union address, White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said
Thursday.
Atletico-MG claim Jobson for 2011 season
Two days after performing his medical exams, the Atletico-MG soccer team named
Jobson to its 2011 roster on Thursday.
Lima resigns as head coach of Santos women's team
Kleiton Lima, who spent 13- years with Brazil's Santos, resigned on Thursday as
the head coach of the Santos women's soccer team.
Roundup: Belarus faces tough world's reactions after elections
Belarus is facing tough reactions from the world after its Central Election
Commission announced Monday that about 80 percent of Belarus' voters had chosen
incumbent President Alexander Lukashenko as their leader for the next five
years.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 24
U.S. President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev on
Thursday discussed the new START treaty on the phone, said the White House in a
statement.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's three major bourses
Stocks close mixed in Mexico, Argentina and Brazil
Latin America's three major bourses closed mixed Thursday.
15 detained, six injured in clash at Argentine train station
At least 15 people were detained and six injured, including four police officers
from the Argentine Federal Police (PFA), on Thursday night in Buenos Aires
during a clash at the Constitution train station,  police sources said.
Portuguese external debt down for second consecutive quarter
Portuguese external debt was reduced in the third quarter of 2010, the second
consecutive quarter that the country's debt has fallen, local media reported
Thursday.
Brazilian aircraft workers suspend strike
Brazilian aircraft workers who planned a full strike for Thursday decided to
postpone it until after the holiday season.
Panama, Colombia to set up police checkpoints in border region
Police checkpoints will be set up next year in the border region between Panama
and Colombia, Panamanian Public Security Minister Jose Raul Mulino said
Thursday.
Cuba, Ukraine sign memorandum of cooperation
Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez  signed a memorandum of cooperation here
on Thursday with his Ukrainian counterpart Konstantin Grishenko.
Mexican gov't warns of freezing weather in 9 states
Nine Mexican states were put under cold weather alert by the National
Meteorological Service (SMN) on Thursday.
UN General Assembly accepts credentials of new envoy from Cote
d'Ivoire
The UN General Assembly on Thursday unanimously accepted the credentials of a
new UN ambassador of Cote d'Ivoire, dispatched by Alassane Ouattara who is the
internationally recognized winner of the Nov. 28 presidential elections in the
West African country.
Yearender: UK refocuses foreign, defense policies to shore up
economy
Since its formation seven months ago, the British coalition government has lost
no time in readjusting foreign and defense policies in a bid to bolster economic
recovery.
Ukrainian FM thanks Cuba for supporting children victims of
Chernobyl
Ukraine thanked Cuba for 20 years of medical assistance to about 26,000 children
victims of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, visiting Ukrainian Foreign Minister
Konstantin Grishenko said here on Thursday.
Bolivia cuts extreme poverty by 10 pct in 2010
The number of Bolivians living in extreme poverty dropped 10 percent in 2010,
and officials envision a 21-percent cut next year.
News Analysis: Has U.S. President made a comeback?
by Matthew Rusling
News Analysis: Has Obama made a comeback after midterm vote?
by Matthew Rusling
GM recalling about 109,000 vehicles on passenger airbag concerns
General Motors (GM) on Thursday announced that it is recalling about 109,000
vehicles due to concerns of the passenger air bag failing to deploy.
El Salvador concerned over citizens kidnapped in Mexico
The Salvadoran government has expressed concerns over the many Salvodorians
kidnapped in a train raid in southern Mexico, according to news reaching here.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 24
General Motors (GM) on Thursday announced that it is recalling about 109,000
vehicles due to concerns over air bag problems.
Security reinforced at Chilean embassies after mail bomb attack
Chilean embassies around the world are taking extra security measures after a
mail bomb exploded Thursday at the country's embassy in Rome.
Brazil spends 1.9 bln USD in 2010 election cycle: watchdog
Brazil spent 1.9 billion U.S. dollars in this year's election campaigns for
president, governors and legislators, the country's top election watchdog said.
Canada hails ratification of new U.S.-Russia arms treaty
Canada on Wednesday welcomed the ratification of the New Strategic Arms
Reduction Treaty, or START, by the U.S. Senate, and looked forward to its
impending ratification by the State Duma of Russia.
Brazilian real appreciates 108 pct under Lula's rule
The value of Brazilian real has accumulatively grown 108 percent against the
U.S. dollar since Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva became president in January 2003, a
study shows.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0500 GMT, Dec. 23
Brazil's Central Bank released on Wednesday its quarterly inflation report, in
which it foresees an inflation rate of 5.9 percent this year and 5 percent in
2011.
Roundup: Obama off to vacation after productive run of lame-duck
Congress
by Xinhua writers Wang Fengfeng, Du Jing
Roundup: 2010: Year of powerful earthquakes
by Mark Weisenmiller
Yearender: Bumpy road ahead for world economic recovery
by Wang Zongkai, Liu Yunfei, Xie Peng
Roundup: Honduras seeks to overcome crisis from 2009 coup
Honduran President Porfirio Lobo has made great efforts during his first year of
government to overcome the crisis from a coup in 2009.
Russia hails U.S. Senate's ratification of new START
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev welcomed the ratification of the new
Russia-U.S. strategic arms reduction treaty (START) by the U.S. Senate, said the
Russian presidential press secretary Thursday.
Feature: Peak of Christmas experience a true winter wonderland
by Al Campbell
Backgrounder: South Korea's major military exercises in 2010
South Korea's Defense Ministry announced Wednesday that it was launching a
three-day drill in waters off the east coast of the Korean Peninsula, while a
joint drill between the Army and the Air Force will begin Thursday at a firing
range in the Pocheon region 40 km northeast of Seoul.
Deep divisions over whether U.S. gov't should regulate Internet
by George Bao
DPRK media blast S. Korea's military exercise
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)'s official news agency blasted
the joint drills held by South Korea on Thursday, calling it a "provocation."
Roundup: Chinese Culture Week to debut in NE U.S. in 2011 Spring
Festival
by Yang Lei, Li Xiejia
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 23
South Korea began large-scale drills Thursday involving fighter jets and
artillery guns near a heavily fortified land border with the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea (DPRK) amid lingering military tension, the defense ministry
said.
Russia might ratify new START treaty this week
Russian parliament may ratify the new strategic arms reduction treaty (START) as
early as Friday, the Russian lower chamber's chairman, Boris Gryzlov, said
Thursday.
London stock market higher in early trade
The London stock market opened higher on Thursday, with the leading FTSE 100
index up by 10.49 points, or 0.18 percent, at 5,993.98 points in early trade.
IMF agrees to supply Ukraine with second tranche of loan
The executive board of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have approved
second disbursement of about 1.5 billion U.S. dollars loan for Ukraine under
stand-by arrangement, the IMF said in a statement on Thursday.
Romania: Man jumps from parliament balcony to protest austerity
measures
A man jumped from the balcony of Romanian parliament early on Thursday, while
Prime Minister Emil Boc was preparing to speak at the rostrum.
French household consumption jumps by 2.8 pct in November
Soaring car purchases pulled up French household consumption in manufactured
goods by 2.8 percent in November, French national statistics institute Insee
said on Thursday.
Yearender: France passes painful pension reform to ease budget
burden
by Xinhua Writer Zhang Xin
Human Rights violation in Cote d'Ivoire must be stopped: U.N.
The United Nations on Thursday urged Cote d'Ivoire's leaders to prevent all
human rights violations and refrain from any incitement to violence and hatred.
EU ready to lunch humanitarian support to Cote d'Ivoire refugees
The European Union (EU) said Thursday that it was prepared to launch a
humanitarian action for the refugees fleeing Cote d'Ivoire following the
country's presidential election.
Feature: Vancouver weathers economic storm
by Al Campbell
Package explosion injuires employee of Swiss embassy in Rome
An explosive package delivered to the Swiss embassy in Rome on Thursday explored
and caused serious injury to an employee of the embassy.
Police seize arms caches, drugs near Paris
French security forces have significantly seized arms caches, drugs and a big
amount of cashes overnight on Wednesday and Thursday after two operations in
northeast suburbs of Paris, according to local media.
London stock market higher by midday
London stock market was slightly higher by midday on Thursday, with the leading
FTSE 100 index up by 7.98 points, or 0.13 percent, at 5,991.47 points at noon.
Russian helicopters deployed in Sudan
Russian helicopters have been deployed in Sudan to join the U.N. observation
mission in this country, Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on
Thursday.
1st LD: Package explosion injuries employee of Swiss embassy in
Rome
An explosive package delivered to the Swiss embassy in Rome on Thursday explored
and caused serious injury to a male employee of the embassy.
Greece examines prospect of debt restructuring after 2013: report
Greece is examining the possibility of restructuring its debt after 2013 without
a "haircut" on the value of the Greek bonds, a Greek newspaper said Thursday.
Snowfall disrupts traffic in France till Christmas Eve
Fresh snowfall and frost forecast are likely to hamper air and railway traffic
in France, Europe' s main tourists destination, few days before the Christmas
holidays.
DPRK military says prepare to launch a sacred war
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) military said on Thursday that
the army of the DPRK was fully prepared to launch  "a sacred war"  based on the
nuclear deterrent at any time, the official news agency KCNA.
Romanian parliament jumper badly injured but not in danger
A man, who jumped from a balcony of the Romanian parliament early Thursday, was
badly injured, but was not in danger, the University Hospital in Bucharest said.
Swine flu revisits Iceland
A new case of the swine flu A(H1N1) virus has been diagnosed in Iceland in a
young man who had recently returned from a trip to England, according to a
report reaching here from Reykjavik on Thursday.
Urgent: Bomb explodes in Chilean embassy in Rome
A bomb exploded in the embassy of Chile in Rome, injuring one person, accoding
to the local news agency ANSA.
1st LD: Two bomb explosions injure two at embassies in Rome
Two bomb explosions respectively hit the Swiss and Chilean embassies in Rome
Thursday, each injuring one person in the diplomatic missions, the ANSA news
agency reported.
2nd LD: Two bomb explosions injure two at embassies in Rome
Two bomb explosions respectively hit the Swiss and Chilean embassies in Rome
Thursday, each injuring one person in the diplomatic missions, the ANSA news
agency reported.
6.2-magnitude quake hits Near Islands, Aleutian Islands, Alaska
-- USGS
An earthquake measuring 6.2 on the Richter scale jolted Near Islands, Aleutian
Islands, Alaska at 14:00:31 GMT on Thursday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Kazakh politicians call for extension of President Nazarbayev's
term to 2020
Politicians and scholars in Kazakhstan on Thursday called for automatic
extension of incumbent President Nursultan Nazarbayev's term to 2020.
Kyrgyzstan parliament elects vice speakers, forms committees
The parliament of Kyrgyzstan elected five vice speakers and formed 16 committees
during a plenary session on Thursday.
Telephone service affected by fire in Baku
At least 15,000 subscribers to the telephone service in the Azerbaijani capital
city of Baku were on Thursday affected by a fire which had burned down the lines
in part of the city.
3rd LD,Writethru: Two bomb explosions injure two at embassies in
Rome
Two bomb explosions respectively hit the Swiss and Chilean embassies in Rome
Thursday, each injuring one person in the diplomatic missions, the ANSA news
agency reported.
Greece optimistic about recovering from debt crisis
ATHENS, Dec. 23 (Xinhua)-- Greek President Karolos Papoulias said Thursday that
Greece would soon free itself from the current debt crisis.
Mongolian prime minister proposes tax exemption for low-income
people
Mongolian Prime Minister Batbold Sukhbaatar Thursday proposed tax exemption for
low-income people as the country's economy has recovered in 2010.
Urgent: Twenty people feared buried by avalanche in northeastern
Colombia
A still unknown number of people, which could reach 20, might have been buried
by an avalanche taking place on a highway in the northeastern department of
Santander in Colombia, local authorities said Thursday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 23
Two bomb explosions respectively hit the Swiss and Chilean embassies in Rome
Thursday, each injuring one person in the diplomatic missions, the ANSA news
agency reported.
Commentary: Time to Look at trade figures from a separate
perspective
Trade figures are supposed to be accurate and authentic, but based on different
statistical methods, they may present vastly different pictures, some are closer
to reality in trade, others are far away from truth.
Mongolia ratifies agreement with Macao on combating human
trafficking
The Mongolian government Thursday approved an agreement with China's Macao
region on cooperation in fighting human trafficking at a Cabinet meeting.
South Africa joins BRIC as full member
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi Thursday said BRIC has accepted South
Africa as a full member of the group, which currently includes Brazil, Russia,
India and China.
Romanian prime minister calls for rationality after parliament
jumper incident
Romanian Prime Minister Emil Boc on Thursday called for rationality and
solidarity after a man jumped from a balcony of the parliament earlier in the
day to protest government austerity measures.
RadioShack cycling team signs veteran McEwen, Hunter
RadioShack has signed Australian Robbie McEwen and South African Robbie Hunter,
announced the seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong's team on
Thursday.
Parma, Genoa seal four-player deal
Italian Serie A club Genoa agreed a four-player switch with Parma, the ANSA News
Agency reported on Thursday.
Barcelona travel to U.S. next summer
Barcelona announced Thursday on its website that the United States have been
added to the Primera Liga champions' preseason tour next summer.
Sri Lanka denies politics in world cup cricket team
Sri Lankan Sports Minister Mahindananda Aluthgamage on Thursday refuted
opposition allegations that politics had influenced selecting the national team
for the cricket World Cup.
Indonesia optimistic to finish SEA Games venues by June 2011
Indonesia's Ministry for Youth and Sports is optimistic that construction of
arenas for the SEA Games XXVI 2011 could be completed and ready to use by June
2011, Kompas daily quoted an official as saying on Thursday.
Knicks dominate Thunder to break 3-game losing streak
The New York Knicks snapped a three-game losing streak at Times Square Garden on
Wednesday night, romping past the Oklahoma City Thunder 112-98.
Results of 2010-2011 NHL on Dec. 22
Following are the results of 2010-2011 National Hockey League (NHL) games on
Wednesday (home team in CAPS):
China's Wuhan to host 2011 FIBA Asian Men's Championships
The Chinese Basketball Association (CBA) confirmed on Thursday that the 2011
FIBA Asian Men's Championships will be hosted at Wuhan, Hubei Province on
September 15-25.
Indonesia's soccer team prepared to play under pressure in
Malaysia
Indonesia's national soccer team is prepared to play under pressure while facing
its Malaysian counterpart at the final round of Suzuki Cup of ASEAN Football
Federation on Dec. 26 in Kuala Lumpur, Kompas.com online news quoted the team's
coach as saying on Thursday.
Cyprus president condemns attack against Turkish basketball team
Cyprus President Demetris Christofias on Wednesday condemned the attack by
fanatic Greek Cypriot fans against a Turkish basketball team who played an
international match in the Cypriot capital.
Urgent: Inter Milan sack coach Benitez
Itlian Serie A club Inter Milan sacked coach Rafael Benitez on Thursday.
FIFA names independent body to organiz Kenyan election
FIFA on Thursday named an eight- member independent board chaired by Joe Okwach
to organize the national elections for Kenyan soccer set for April next year,
officials said.
Benitez sacked by Inter Milan
Rafa Benitez has been sacked by Inter Milan as coach of the European defending
champions, the club confirmed on Thursday.
Nigeria to investigate suspended FIFA official
Nigeria's anti-corruption agency has arrested former FIFA Executive Committee
member Amos Adamu as part of investigations into the scandal that led to his
suspension from the world soccer's governing body.
Platini unopposed for UEFA re-election
UEFA president Michel Platini will be unopposed when he stands for re-election
in March, European soccer's governing body said on Thursday.
Australian football club sues teenage girl over nude photo
scandal
Australia's St Kilda football club on Thursday said it intends to sue the
teenage girl at the center of the nude photo scandal.
South Africa looks for new cricket coach
Cricket South Africa (CSA) said on Thursday it is actively looking for a
replacement for Corrie Van Zyl as the head coach for the national team, the
Proteas.
4th Ld-Writethru-China Focus: Beijing to limit number of new car
license plates to ease traffic congestion
The Beijing municipal government said Thursday it will limit 2011 issuance of
new car license plates to 240,000 and implement harsh traffic control measures
to ease the city's traffic congestion.
77 Macao students stranded in London return home
Another 19 Macao students who were stranded at the London Heathrow Airport have
flown back to Hong Kong and later returned to Macao on Thursday, the Tourism
Crisis Management Office of Macao said.
China's largest lender completes dual rights issue
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), China's largest lender by market
value, announced Thursday that it has completed its 44.9 billion yuan(about 6.75
billion U.S. dollar) rights issue in Shanghai and Hong Kong.
China strengthens regulation on foreign property investment
China is tightening regulation on foreign investment in the real estate sector
to crack down on speculation, according to a statement from the Ministry of
Commerce(MOC) on Thursday.
Three more detained over Shanghai high-rise fire
SHANGHAI, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) - Three more suspects were detained following a fatal
Shanghai high-rise fire that killed 58 people on Nov. 15, a spokesman with the
second branch of Shanghai People' s Procuratorate confirmed Thursday.
Physicist appointed president of Sun Yat-sen University
GUANGZHOU, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) - Xu Ningsheng, one of China' s top physicists, was
appointed the new president of Sun Yat-sen University Thursday, the university
announced.
3 sentenced to death in 2009 Shanghai gang shooting that killed 2
SHANGHAI, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) - Three men were sentenced to death Thursday for the
2009 fatal shooting between two gangs that left two dead and two injured, local
court said.
China Exclusive: China's booming nuclear power industry brings
opportunities for  domestic firms
Hydropresses, cranes, planers, drills and lathes hum in the workshops of China
First Heavy Industries in northeast China. Outside, snow piles up and leafless
trees shiver in the cold.
Hundreds nabbed over corruption in north China
A total of 906 government officials in Shanxi Province were punished in the past
11 months during a provincial campaign against corruption in the coal mining
sector.
China's yuan advances to 6.6371 per USD Friday
The value of yuan gained as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6371 per U.S. dollar Friday, compared with Thursday's
6.6466, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
Chinese shares open lower Friday
Chinese shares opened lower Friday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
down 0.49 percent to 2,841.35 at the opening.
ChiNext Index opens lower Friday
ChiNext Index was down 5.67 points to open at 1,170.69 points Friday.
China stock index futures open lower Friday
China's stock index futures opened lower Friday. The contract for settlement in
January 2011, the most actively traded, opened 12.4 points lower at 3,211.2.
Hong Kong stocks open up 0.13 pct
Hong Kong stocks rose 29.53 points, or 0.13 percent, to open at 22,932.50 on
Friday.
Gold price opens lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 38 HK dollars to open at 12,810 HK dollars
per tael on Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
20 students in NE China rushed to hospital for suspected food
poisoning
More than 20 students in northeast China's Heilongjiang Province fell sick
Thursday and were rushed to hospital for suspected food poisoning, their school
said Friday.
Chinese gov't shuts down wineries after adulterated wines exposed
China's Hebei Province shut down nearly 30 wineries Friday morning after wines
made there were exposed on national television as adulterated.
Chinese shares fall at midday Friday
China's stocks closed lower in the morning trading session Friday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 12.76 points, or 0.45 percent, to end at
2,842.46 points.
Tibet reports two-digit GDP growth for 18 consecutive years
Southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region has reported two-digit GDP growth for
18 consecutive years, with this year's growth rate estimated at 12.2 percent
year on year, the regional government chairman said.
CPC vows to enhance cooperation with Israeli political parties
A senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) on Friday said the party
will enhance communication and cooperation with Israel's political parties and
promote China-Israel relations.
Hong Kong stocks up 0.19 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved up 43.41 points, or 0.19 percent to close Thursday's
morning session at 23,088.60 points.
China says highly concerned about U.S. trade challenge
China's Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said on Thursday that it was "highly
concerned" about the U.S. decision to ask the World Trade Organization (WTO) to
study the subsidies to the Chinese wind power equipment makers.
1st Ld-Writethru: Production suspended at manganese plant after
toxic gas kills three
Production at a manganese plant in northwest China's Ningxia Hui Autonomous
Region was suspended after toxic gas killed three and poisoned 21 others early
Thursday morning.
URGENT: China unveils white paper on economic, trade cooperation
with Africa
The Chinese government Thursday released a white paper on China-Africa Economic
and Trade Cooperation, highlighting achievements and a bright future for China
and African countries to boost their growth.
Full Text: China-Africa Economic and Trade Cooperation (1)
EDS: charts for this document available in Xinhua's photo service.
1st LD: China unveils white paper on economic, trade cooperation
with Africa
The Chinese government Thursday released a white paper on China-Africa Economic
and Trade Cooperation, highlighting achievements and a bright future for China
and African countries to boost their growth.
Full Text: China-Africa Economic and Trade Cooperation (2)
II. Expanding Mutual Investment Fields
Full Text: China-Africa Economic and Trade Cooperation (3)
III. Attaching Importance to Infrastructure Construction
2nd LD: China unveils white paper on economic, trade cooperation
with Africa
The Chinese government Thursday released a white paper on China-Africa economic
and trade cooperation, highlighting achievements and a bright future for China
and African countries to boost their growth.
Full Text: China-Africa Economic and Trade Cooperation (4)
V. Helping to Improve the People's Livelihood
3rd LD-Writethru: China Focus: China unveils white paper on
economic, trade cooperation  with Africa
The Chinese government Thursday released a white paper on China-Africa economic
and trade cooperation, highlighting achievements and a bright future for China
and African countries to boost their growth.
China, African countries expand mutual investment: white paper
China and African countries have been expanding mutual investment in recent
years, according to a white paper on China-Africa economic and trade cooperation
issued by the Chinese government Thursday.
China helps Africa build over 142 agricultural projects by end of
2009
China had helped build over 142 agricultural projects in Africa by the end of
2009, according to a white paper on China-Africa Economic and Trade Cooperation
released Thursday.
China supports rightful claims of African nations in tackling
climate change
China reaffirmed Thursday it supports the rightful claims of African countries
in addressing climate change, and value the concerns of African countries in
long-term emission cut targets.
China to continue loan support for Africa to improve
infrastructure
BEIJING, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) - China pledged Thursday to extend its loan support
for African nations to improve their backward infrastructure, a bottleneck that
hinders the development in the continent.
China vows to further advance economic exchanges with Africa
China has pledged to continue to promote economic exchanges with Africa within
bilateral or multilateral frameworks amid a changing world.
China helping African nations improve working skills: white paper
The Chinese government said Thursday it is seeking multiple ways to help African
countries be better equipped with working skills and upgrade their technologies
in a bid to boost development.
Cooperation framework key to further promote China-Africa
relations
China and Africa will continue to strengthen the economic and trade cooperation
within the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) framework.
1st LD: Beijing says to limit issuance of new car plates to
240,000 annually
Beijing says to limit issuance of new car plates to 240,000 annually.
Taiwan stocks close up 0.43 pct
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Thursday with the weighted index up 38.38
points, or 0.43 percent, to close at 8,898.87, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Chinese shares close lower Thursday
Chinese equities closed lower on Thursday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index down 0.79 percent, or 22.68 points, to close at 2,855.22 points.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 23
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,855.22 points on Thursday, down 22.68 points, or 0.79 percent, from the
previous close.
2nd Ld: Beijing to limit issuance of new car plates to 240,000
annually to ease congestion
The Beijing municipal government says it will limit issuance of new car plates
to 240,000 annually in an effort to ease the capital city's traffic jams.
Shenzhen stock indices down -- Dec. 23
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower
Thursday to end at 12,644.58 points, down 122.38 points, or 0.96 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec. 23
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at 3,188.61 points Thursday, down 26.85 points, or 0.83
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 23
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, fell
25.28 points, or 2.1 percent, to close at 1,176.36 on Thursday.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 23
China's stock index futures closed down Thursday with the contract for January
2011, the most actively traded, down 0.81 percent from the previous trading day
to end at 3,218.2 points.
China, U.S. in close touch for President Hu's visit: FM
China and the United States are in close touch for Chinese President Hu Jintao's
state visit to the U.S. in January, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu said Thursday.
Japan donates funds for crested ibis protection project in China
The Japanese International Cooperation Agency donated 35 million yuan (5.2
million U.S. dollars) to a crested ibis protection project sponsored by the
China State Forestry Administration Thursday.
China's fishermen see net income rise 9.76 pct in 2010
Chinese fishermen's per capita income rose 9.76 percent year on year in 2010 to
8,963 yuan (1,349 U.S. dollars), a Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) official said
Thursday.
China's aquatic products output to rise 4.6 pct: official
China's aquatic products output will rise 4.6 percent year on year to 53.5
million tonnes this year, a Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) official said
Thursday.
China launches anti-dumping probe into imported photographic
paper
China's Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said  it had decided to launch an anti-
dumping probe into photographic paper imported from the European Union (EU), the
United States and Japan as of Thursday.
1st LD-Writethru: China "highly concerned" about U.S. complaint
on wind power measures
China's Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said on Thursday it was "highly concerned"
about the U.S. request for the World Trade Organization (WTO) to investigate
allegedly illegal Chinese subsidies on wind power equipment makers.
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.62 pct
Hong Kong stocks closed down 142. 22 points, or 0.62 percent, at 22,902.97 on
Thursday.
Chinese FM to make official visit to Kazakhstan
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi will pay an official visit to Kazakhstan
from Dec. 27 to 29, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said Thursday.
Chinese police bust drug traffickers, capture big heroin haul
Police have detained 15 drug traffickers and seized 37.5 kilograms of heroin,
thought to be the biggest haul captured in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region,
according to local police authorities.
China congratulates Kyrgyzstan on election of new leaders
China congratulates Kyrgyzstan on its election of a new parliament speaker and
prime minister, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said Thursday.
China vows to ensure migrant farmers working in cities treated
fairly
China will make more efforts to eliminate employment policies that discriminate
against migrant farmers working in cities to ensure their fair treatment, a
Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security (MHRSS) report said Thursday.
1st Ld-Writethru: China share market edges lower for 2nd day as
property developers,  oil refiners fall
Chinese stocks fell for a second day Thursday with property developers dropping
after a central government ministry ordered local governments to intensify
efforts to curb hot money inflows into the nation's property market.
Beijing city gov't nets 22.8 bln USD in land sales this year
The Beijing city government netted a record 151.7 billion yuan (22.8 billion
U.S. dollars) in land sales in the year to Thursday, the municipal bureau of
land and resources said.
1st LD Writethru: China vows to ensure migrant farmers working in
cities treated  fairly
China will make more efforts to eliminate employment policies that discriminate
against migrant farmers working in cities to ensure their fair treatment, a
Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security (MHRSS) report said Thursday.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks end 0.62 pct lower
Hong Kong stocks fell on Thursday, with the weighted index losing 142.22 points,
or 0.62 percent, to end at 22,902.97.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 23
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 23:
Organizations, individuals commended for good 2010 harvest
The Chinese government commended a number of counties, farms and individuals
Thursday for their contribution to achieving a good harvest in 2010 despite
floods and drought.
China urges Korean Peninsula dialogue
China Thursday urged the two sides on the Korean Peninsula to value people's
safety and regional peace, and resume dialogue and negotiation at an early date.
China has made remarkable progress in achieving food security: UN
official
China has made remarkable progress in achieving food security over the past 30
years, a UN official said Thursday.
Former Beijing vice mayor appointed vice chairman of Xinjiang
Huang Wei, former vice mayor of Beijing, was appointed Thursday as vice chairman
of northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
2nd LD Writethru: China vows to ensure migrant farmers working in
cities treated  fairly
China will make more efforts to eliminate employment policies that discriminate
against migrant farmers working in cities to ensure their fair treatment, a
Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security (MHRSS) report said Thursday.
Peace, friendliness should be main themes in China-Japan ties:
senior CPC official
Peace, friendliness and cooperation should always be the main themes of the
China-Japan relationship, a senior official of the Communist Party of China
(CPC) has said.
Net profit of China's central SOEs up 50.1 pct in first 11 months
China's centrally-administered state-owned enterprises (SOEs) posted a 50.1
percent year-on-year rise in combined net profits in the first 11 months, a
government official said Thursday.
3rd Ld-Writethru: Beijing to limit number of new car license
plates to ease traffic  congestion
The Beijing municipal government said Thursday it will limit 2011 issuance of
new car license plates to 240,000 and implement harsh traffic control measures
to ease the city's traffic congestion.
China vows to audit major projects to curb graft
China's National Audit Office on Thursday vowed to strengthen auditing and
supervision of major state-funded projects to prevent waste and corruption.
Indonesia, Malaysia, NZ dump methanol in China: MOC final ruling
China's Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Thursday in a final ruling that
Indonesia, Malaysia and New Zealand dumped methanol in the Chinese market,
causing material damage to Chinese manufacturers.
China Enterprises Index drops 0.75 pct -- Dec. 23
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index went down 94.78 points, or 0.75 percent,
to close at 12,516. 52 on Thursday.
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong -- Dec. 23
The gold price in Hong Kong went down 20 HK dollars to 12,848 HK dollars per
tael on Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Chinese Premier vows to improve cooperation between Hong Kong,
Macao, mainland
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Thursday the central government would work to
promote cooperation and exchange between the mainland, Hong Kong and Macao.
Hong Kong Customs seizes 0.77 mln HKD illicit cigarettes
Hong Kong Customs Thursday said a cross-boundary cigarette smuggling case was
detected at Man Kam To Control Point on Wednesday when a batch of illicit
cigarettes worth about 0.77 million HK dollars (about 99,884 U.S. dollars) was
seized.
Former senior regional official removed from post for
disciplinary violation
Liu Zhuozhi, former vice chairman of north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous
Region has been removed from his official post due to alleged "severe
disciplinary violation," a spokesman for   the Communist Party of China (CPC)
Central Committee's Organization Department confirmed Thursday.
China, ASEAN agree to follow South China Sea declaration
China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) are committed to
safeguarding peace and stability in the South China Sea, the Chinese Foreign
Ministry said Thursday.
China cracks 38,000 illegal price-fixing cases in first 11 months
China cracked 38,000 illegal price- fixing cases and retrieved 310 million yuan
(46.64 million U.S. dollars) for customers in the first 11 months of the year,
China's top economic planning body said Thursday.
Chinese firefighters on alert as Christmas approaches
Along with department stores, restaurants and pubs, China's firefighters will be
busy in the approaching Christmas period.
HK's Balance of Payments record 15.4 bln HKD surplus in Q3
Hong Kong recorded a 15.4 billion HK dollars surplus in its Balance of Payments
account (as a ratio to 3.4 percent of GDP) in the third quarter, compared with a
surplus of 5.5 billion HK dollars (as a ratio to 1.3 of GDP) in the second
quarter, the authority announced here on Thursday.
Over 300 trapped in cars after snow blocks traffic in north China
More than 300 people in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region have been
stuck in a traffic jam since 2 p.m. Thursday after snowstorms blocked a national
road.
China to carry out new house price calculation scheme in 2011:
NBS
China will carry out the House Sale Price Statistical Scheme in 2011, after
soliciting opinions via the internet earlier this year, said Ma Jiantang, head
of the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Thursday.
China Exclusive: Why is Santa stingy to gift makers in China?
By Xinhua Writers Yang Dingdu, Yu Jingjing
Chinese police crack major Internet-enabled gun sales case
Chinese police have cracked a serious case of Internet-enabled gun selling and
said they are monitoring the new crime method.h   The Ministry of Public
Security revealed Thursday that police began their investigation of the case in
May.
URGENT: 6.4-magnitude quake hits Aleutian Islands
A strong earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale jolted Aleutian Islands
at 22:00 Beijing Time on Thursday, according to the China Earthquake Networks
Center.
1st LD-Writethru: 6.4-magnitude quake hits Aleutian Islands
A strong earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale jolted Aleutian Islands
at 22:00 Beijing Time on Thursday, according to the China Earthquake Networks
Center.
Families in quake-leveled Chinese county get new apartments by
drawing lots
More than 3,500 families whose homes were destroyed in the devastating 2008
Sichuan quake received new apartments Thursday through a computer drawing, local
authorities said.
China Cultural, Archaeological News in Brief: Century-old
library, ancient stone  tablet unearthed, Lang Lang concert
The following are some Chinese cultural and archaeological news items in brief:
Chinese president appoints new ambasaadors to WTO, Myanmar
Chinese President Hu Jintao appointed a new representative and ambassador to the
World Trade Organization(WTO) and a new ambassador to Myanmar, according to a
statement from the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC) on
Thursday.
Saudi women eye car licenses to take driver seat abroad: media
Saudi women, who cannot take the driver's seat in the conservative kingdom, want
to be given driving licenses at home so they can drive abroad, the English daily
Arab News reported on Friday.
Turkey, Afghanistan, Pakistan trilateral summit begins in
Istanbul
A Turkey-Afghanistan-Pakistan trilateral summit started in Istanbul on Friday
with expectation to bring forth some concrete results and decisions.
Yearender: Prospects of Iran's lingering nuclear issue gloomy
About eight years have passed since Iran's nuclear program came under the
spotlight, but the prospect of resolving this issue still seems gloomy.
Feature: Gaza pupils study in iron-made classrooms
by Osama Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Hamas renews commitment to ceasefire with Israel
The Islamic Hamas movement is committed to maintaining a shaky ceasefire with
Israel in the Gaza Strip, a senior Hamas leader said Friday.
Yearender: Iran eyes regional cooperation under sanctions
As the United Nations Security Council and Western countries tightened sanctions
against Iran over its controversial nuclear program in 2010, Iran worked out
initiatives to boost regional cooperation to offset the pressures.
Gaza flotilla flagship to return to Istanbul
The Mavi Marmara, the flagship of the ill-fated Gaza flotilla attacked by Israel
this summer, will return to Istanbul on Sunday.
BTC pipeline ships one bln barrels of oil to Turkey: official
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan (BTC) pipeline had shipped more than one billion barrels
of oil to Turkey by mid-September, from where the oil was carried further to
world markets, local media reported Friday.
Turkey, Afghanistan, Pakistan relations stronger than ever: Gul
Turkish President Abdullah Gul Friday hailed the rapid development of relations
among Turkey, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Kuwait Airways' flight redirects over technical glitch
A Kuwait Airways' flight from Indonesia enroute to Kuwait on Friday was forced
to land at Oman's Muscat airport due to a technical glitch, the national carrier
said.
Turkey, Afghanistan, Pakistan sign cooperation protocols
Turkey, Afghanistan and Pakistan on Friday signed a series of protocols to
foster cooperation.
Turkey, Afghanistan, Pakistan to hold joint military drill next
year
Turkey, Afghanistan and Pakistan agreed here on Friday to hold a joint military
drill in March next year.
Yemen to set up four counter-terrorism units to curb al-Qaida
activates
Yemen's Interior Ministry said Friday it is planning to set up four counter-
terrorism units in different provinces to curb the activates of resurgent al-
Qaida wing.
Turkey plans to increase influence in Southeast Asia
Turkish foreign minister announced here on Friday that Turkey is ready to make
serious efforts to increase its influence in Southeast Asia in the coming years.
Syrian police confiscates 400,000 illegal drug pills
Syrian police confiscated Friday 400,000 illegal drug pills on its way to Saudi
Arabia, the Syrian official SANA news agency reported.
Abbas: Mideast to remain "flaming" without peace in Palestine
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Friday said the Middle East will remain
"flaming" if peace was not achieved between the Palestinians and Israel.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 24
The Islamic Hamas movement is committed to maintaining a shaky ceasefire with
Israel in the Gaza Strip, a senior Hamas leader said Friday.
Kidnapped army officer freed in south Yemen
The army officer who was held as hostage for a week by an armed wing of the
Yemeni separatist Southern Movement in Lahj province was released on Friday, a
security official of the Interior Ministry told Xinhua.
Willie Telavi becomes Tuvalu's new prime minister
The Pacific tiny island nation of Tuvalu has a new prime minister with Willie
Telavi winning Friday's vote by the narrowest of margins, 8 to 7, Radio New
Zealand International reported on Saturday.
Political leaders bestow Christmas wishes to Australian people
Australia's political leaders on Saturday bestowed their Christmas wishes to the
Australian people.
Feature: Christmas no longer lonely in Tokyo's maid cafes
For a lot of Japanese manga lovers or other lonely hearts, a night at Tokyo's
maid cafes gives their souls a warm and merry Christmas.
Car accident kills 6 in Japan's Fukuoka
A minivan collided with a car and fell into a pond in Dazaifu, Fukuoka
Prefecture late Friday, leaving six people dead, Kyodo News reported Saturday,
citing local police.
6 wounded in Christmas Day church explosion in S. Philippines
Six people were wounded in an explosion that rocked a church in southern
Philippines on Christmas Day Saturday, police sources here said.
Australia caught asylum-seeker vessel on Christmas Day
Australian Customes officials intercepted a suspected asylum-seeker vessel to
the northeast of Ashmore Island on Christmas Day, according to a statement from
Home Affairs Minister Brendan O'Connor.
Floods cause displacement in eastern Sri Lanka
Flash floods in eastern Sri Lanka have left over 30,000 people marooned, relief
officials said Saturday.
Urgent: 5 killed in blast in Pakistan's NW tribal area
At least five people were killed and ten others injured in a blast that took
place Saturday morning in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of Bajaur Agency,
reported local Urdu TV channel Duniya.
1st LD Writethru: Suicide blast kills 24, injures 22 in NW
Pakistan
At least 24 people were killed and 22 others injured in a suicide blast that
took place Saturday morning in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of Bajaur
Agency, reported local English TV channel Express.
2nd LD Writethru: 38 killed, 62 injured in suicide blast in NW
Pakistan
Local Urdu TV channel Geo quoted hospital sources as saying that the Saturday
morning's suicide blast in Pakistan's northwest city of Khar in Bajaur Agency
has killed 38 people and injured 62 others.
2nd LD Writethru: 24 militants killed in clashes with security
forces in NW Pakistan
At least 24 militants were killed during a massive clash with security forces
Friday morning in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of Mohmand Agency, reported
local state-run TV channel PTV.
13 protestors may be killed by military in Thailand's crackdown:
state reports
Leaked reports alleged to belong to the Department of Special Investigation
(DSI) said it is believable that 13 people out of 16 might have been killed by
troops during military's crackdown on the anti-government"red- shirt" protest in
April and May.
18 injured in vehicular accident in Philippines: police
At least 18 people were injured in a vehicular accident on Thursday in central
Philippines, police said Friday.
High winds continue to batter New Zealand capital
While severe weather was easing in most of New Zealand, gale-force winds are
still battering the capital Wellington on Friday.
Police hunt for 4 terror suspects in Mumbai: report
Indian police are on a high alert in Mumbai, claiming that at least four
militants of terror outfit Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) have sneaked into the country's
financial capital to cause destruction on a mega scale, said local newspaper The
Times of India Friday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 24
The 20 survivors from the sinking of the South Korean fishing boat Insung No 1
in the Southern Ocean arrived in New Zealand South Island's southern port of
Bluff on Thursday night.
Japan, Turkey ink initial directive on nuclear power plant deal
Japan and Turkey inked a directive on bilateral nuclear cooperation, taking both
countries a step closer towards the fruition of a 20 billion U.S. dollar tie-up
for Japanese firms to build a nuclear facility in Turkey, a Japanese industry
ministry official said Friday.
Moderate quake hits eastern Indonesia
A moderate earthquake measuring 5. 4 on Richter scale hit eastern part of
Indonesia's Papua province at 11:29 local time (0229 GMT) on Friday, the
Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency said here.
U.S. defense chief Gates to visit Japan
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates will make a two-day trip to Japan from Jan.
13 to meet with his Japanese counterpart Toshimi Kitazawa as well as other
leaders, Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell announced on Friday.
Indonesian crew transferred to Perth detention center
The Australian Immigration Department confirmed on Friday, three Indonesian men
who were part of the crew involved in the boat disaster at Christmas Island on
December 15, were transferred to the Perth Immigration Detention Center.
Australia regrets Danish decision to stop imports hazardous waste
Australian Environment Minister Tony Burke on Friday described Denmark's
decision to cancel imports of hazardous chemical waste from Australia for
disposal as "unfortunate".
Singapore manufacturing output lift strongly in November
Singapore's manufacturing output increased a whopping 39.8 percent in November
on a year-on-year basis, official data showed on Friday.
S. Korea to keep Christmas tree lit near DPRK till January
South Korea has decided to keep a massive Christmas tree lit near the border
with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) until early January, two
weeks longer than previously planned, local media reported citing the defense
ministry sources.
Urgent: Classroom damaged in blast in NW Pakistan's Peshawar
A classroom was damaged but students remained safe as a blast took place Friday
at a school in northwest Pakistan's Peshawar, local media reported.
1st LD Writethru: Blast wounds 2 students in NW Pakistan's
Peshawar
A classroom was damaged and two students injured as a blast took place Friday at
a school in northwest Pakistan's Peshawar, local media reported.
Nikkei closes 0.65 pct lower
Tokyo stocks closed slightly lower Friday with the key Nikkei index down 0.65
percent.
Thai army chief urged to explain action against protestors
The anti-government "red-shirt" protestors on Friday submitted a letter to the
army chief Prayuth Chan-ocha asking him to look into Department of Special
Investigation reports on military actions against them in April and May.
Mount Bromo's eruption in Indonesia paralyzes tourism
Mount Bromo's eruption in Indonesia's East Java province on Friday paralyzed
tourism industry as hotels were closed due to thick ashes, detikcom online news
reported on Friday.
Roundup: S. Korean shares close lower
Seoul shares closed lower Friday on technology and auto losses, local analysts
said.
Foot-and-mouth disease spreads faster in S. Korea
Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) appears to be spreading faster in South Korea as
two more cases of the high contagious were confirmed in the countries on Friday.
Urgent: 3 killed in hand grenade attack in Quetta, Pakistan
At least three people were killed Friday in a hand grenade attack on a checkpost
in Quetta, southwest Pakistan, local TV channels reported.
Vietnam to see CPI up 11.75 pct this year
Vietnam's Consumer Price Index (CPI) is expected to go up 11.75 percent year-on-
year this year, said a report of the General Statistics Office of Vietnam on
Friday.
1st LD Writethru: Blast kills 4 policemen in Quetta, SW Pakistan
At least four policemen were killed and one injured Friday in a blast in Quetta,
southwest Pakistan, local TV channels reported.
2nd LD: One policeman killed in blast in Pakistan
At least one policeman was killed and five others injured in a bomb attack on
their vehicle Friday in southwest Pakistani city of Quetta, police said.
Feature: Malaysia celebrates Christmas
With a mere 9.1 percent of its population adhering to Christian-based faith,
Malaysia may not seem to be the most likely place to be getting into the holiday
spirit.
Leaked reports trigger Thai "red-shirt" protest at army base
Roughly 300 anti-government "red- shirt" protesters held a rally in front of the
Third Special Warfare Regiment in central Lop Buri province Friday after alleged
reports of Department of Special Investigation (DSI) were leaked.
Roundup: Nikkei slides 0.65 pct on strong yen, exporters retreat
Tokyo stocks retreated Friday, with the key Nikkei stock index losing 0.65
percent as a stronger yen versus the U.S. dollar and the euro dampened the
outlook for exporters' earnings in holiday-thinned trade.
Thai civil servants allowed to have labor unions
Thai Prime Minister Ahbisit Vejjajiva said a new law allowing civil servants to
have labor unions was given the green light, Thai English-language The Nation
newspaper reported on Friday.
Japanese government approves record 1.11 trillion dollars budget
for FY 2011
The Japanese government on Friday approved a draft budget which hit a record
92.41 trillion yen ( about 1.11 trillion U.S. dollars) for the coming fiscal
year.
Singapore shares end 0.19 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 6.02 points or 0.19 percent on Friday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,143.8 points.
Feature: Nepalese prepare for Christmas Eve with delight
"This is our most significant festival, and we will mark it with jubilant
festivity in our respect to the Lord," Indra Rijal, 39,  a Nepali Christian by
religion.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 24
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates will make a two- day trip to Japan from Jan.
13 to meet with his Japanese counterpart Toshimi Kitazawa as well as other
leaders, Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell announced on Friday.
Malaysia tin market closes unchanged
The local tin market closed unchanged on Friday, but the trading volume dropped
compared with Thursday.
Roundup: Vietnam's stock market down on inflation
Vietnam's benchmark VN-Index lost 0. 56 percent to close at 472.76 points Friday
as investors reacted to the high inflationary concerns.
Indian stocks close up 0.45 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex gained 90.78 points or 0.45 percent Friday
despite weaker global stock markets.
Roundup: Vietnam's gold prices down on global trend
Vietnam's average gold prices closed at 35.80 million Vietnamese dong (1,836
U.S. dollars) a tael, equivalent to 1.2 ounce, on Friday, posting a slight
decrease of 50,000 Vietnamese dong (2.56 U.S dollars) against the previous
trading session.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 24
Australian share market closed lower on Friday ahead of the Christmas trading
break, with mining and banking stocks weaker.
Afghan forces detain 3 militants including local commander
Afghan forces backed by NATO-led troops apprehended three Taliban insurgents
including their commander in Logar province 60 km south of Afghan capital Kabul
on Friday, police said.
Urgent: Blast rocks Khost in east Afghanistan
An explosion rocked Khost city the capital of Khost province in east Afghanistan
on Friday, casualties feared, an official said.
Thai PM reports two-year achievements, future plans
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Friday evening reported to the public
his administration's performance over the past two years.
1st LD Writethru: Blast rocks E. Afghanistan, killing 2
An explosion rocked Khost city the capital of Khost province in east Afghanistan
on Friday killing two people and injuring two others, an official said.
Roundup: Japan's Cabinet approves record budget of 1.11 trillion
USD for FY 2011
The Cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan on Friday approved a draft
budget which hit a record 92.40 trillion yen (1.11 trillion U.S. dollars) for
fiscal year 2011.
China's Yunnan businesses seek investment in Cambodia
The Association for Economic Cooperation and Trade Promotion between Yunnan and
Southeast and South Asia (ECTPA) on Friday signed an investor facilitation
cooperation agreement with Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, aimed to
seek business opportunities in the country.
Abbott recalls diabetes strips in Singapore
Singapore's Health Sciences Authority (HSA) said on Friday it is overseeing the
voluntary recall of 43 Abbott MediSense Optium Blood Glucose Test Strips.
4 wounded in grenade attack in Indian-controlled Kashmir
At least four people, including a paramilitary trooper of India's Central
Reserve Police Force (CRPF), were wounded Friday when suspected militants hurled
a grenade in Indian-controlled Kashmir, police said.
Indian social activist sentenced to life for helping Naxal rebels
The Raipur Additional District and Sessions Court in the eastern Indian state
Chhattisgarh Friday held a social rights activist and two others guilty of
treason and gave them life sentence for helping left- wing Naxal rebels.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 24
Afghan forces backed by NATO-led troops apprehended three Taliban insurgents
including their commander in Logar province 60 km south of Afghan capital Kabul
on Friday, police said.
Urgent: One killed in fire accident in Bangladesh's capital
One person was killed in a fire accident in a mosquito coil factory on Friday
night in Bangladesh' s capital Dhaka, local police said.
1st LD Writethru: 6 killed in fire accident in Bangladesh's
capital
Six people were killed and many injured in a fire accident in a mosquito coil
factory on Friday night in Bangladesh's capital Dhaka, fire brigade officials
said.
3rd LD Writethru: ECOWAS issues communique over Cote d'Ivoire,
urging Gbagbo to give up power
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on Friday urged Cote
d'Ivoire's incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to step down and vowed the use of legitimate
force if Gbagbo fails to heed the immutable demand of ECOWAS, according to the
final communique of the extraordinary session of the heads of state and
government on Cote d'Ivoire.
Urgent: Blast in Nigeria kills at least 8 people: media
A blast in a Nigerian city has killed at least eight people, media reports
quoted police sources as saying on Friday.
Interview : Gbagbo's envoy in Cameroon to seek support in Cote
d'Ivoire's crisis
A Cote d'Ivoire mission is in Cameroon to seek support for incumbent Laurent
Gbagbo, who is under pressure from the world's big powers and the UN to leave
the presidency.
Interview: China aims at deepening cooperation with Uganda in
infrastructure, energy sectors
By Chen Jing
Feature: Kenyans have to dig deeper into their pockets for
Christmas
by Bedah Mengo
Nigerian mission remains open in Cote d'Ivoire: minister
Nigeria's Minister of Foreign Affairs Odein Ajumogobia has said the country's
mission in Cote d'Ivoire will remain open and operational despite recent
developments in that country.
Burkina Faso president in Abuja to attend ECOWAS summit on Cote
d'Ivoire crisis
At the invitation of Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan, Burkina Faso
President Blaise Compaore on Friday arrives in the Nigerian capital Abuja to
participate in an extraordinary summit of the Economic Community of West African
States (ECOWAS) on the Cote d'Ivoire crisis.
Gambia's groundnut firm to spend 370 mln USD  buying products
The Gambia Groundnut Corporation (GCC) will spend more than 370 million U. S.
dollars buying nuts from farmers in this year's trade season, according to the
company.
CORRECTION: Gambia's groundnut firm to spend 370 mln USD  buying
products
The Gambia Groundnut Corporation (GCC) will spend more than 370 million U. S.
dollars buying nuts from farmers in this year's trade season, according to the
company.
HMNK signs contract to build Mozambique's Zambezi dam
The Mpanda Nkuwa Hydroelectric Company(HMNK) has been granted the rights to
build and operate a hydroelectrica dam along the Zambezi river in Mozambque's
northwestern province of Tete.
Mozambique expects another gas-fired power station
Mozambique is to have the second gas- fired power station in the southern part
in early 2011, after signing an agreement this week.  The accord was signed on
Thursday by Mozambican Energy Minister Salvador Namburete and Managing Director
Johan de Voson of the Gigawatt-Mozambique company.
Mozambique needs 110 mln USD for Lichinga-Cuamba railways: radio
Mozambique needs 110 million U. S. dollars to rehabilitate the Lichinga-Cuamba
railway line in the northern-most province of Niassa, state radio said on
Friday.
(Special for CAFS) Kenyan trade assistant minister resigns over
drug allegations
Kenya's Trade Assistant Minister Harun Mwau stepped aside on Friday morning to
pave way for investigations into allegations linking him to an international
drugs syndicate in the country.
South Africa formally invited to join BRIC
South Africa has received a formal invitation to join the Brazil, Russia, India
and China (BRIC) group of large emerging economies, South African Foreign
Minister Maite Nkoana-Mashabane said Friday.
Urgent: ECOWAS issues communique over Cote d'Ivoire, urging
Gbagbo to give up power
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) issued a communique over
Cote d'Ivoire Friday at its heads of state meeting in Nigeria, warning Laurent
Gbagbo the use of force if he refuses to give up power.
China donates over 4 million dollars worth of aid for the AU
mission in Somalia
The Commissioner for Peace and Security of the African Union (AU) Ramtane
Lamamra, and the Ambassador of the People's Republic of China in Ethiopia Gu
Xiaojie on Friday signed an agreement on the provision of aid to the AU Mission
in Somalia (AMISOM).
1st LD: ECOWAS issues communique over Cote d'Ivoire, urging
Gbagbo to give up power
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) issued a communique over
Cote d'Ivoire Friday at its heads of state meeting in Nigeria, warning Laurent
Gbagbo the use of force if he refuses to give up power.
2nd LD: ECOWAS issues communique over Cote d'Ivoire, urging
Gbagbo to give up power
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on Friday urged Cote
d'Ivoire's incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to step down and vowed the use of legitimate
force if Gbagbo fails to heed the immutable demand of ECOWAS, according to the
final communique of the extraordinary session of the heads of state and
government on Cote d'Ivoire.
Yearender: Kenya regains glory through political developments in
2010
by David Musyoka
Russian-French consortium to build Mistral helicopter carriers
Russia has decided to jointly build two Mistral-class helicopter carriers with
France, said the Kremlin on Friday.
Russian stocks close mixed
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed on Friday with one key index higher and
the other lower.
Russian central bank increases deposit operations rate by 0.25 pp
Russia's Central Bank (CB) announced on Friday its decision to raise deposit
operations rate by 0.25 percentage points to 2.75 percent while leaving the
refinancing rate unchanged at 7.75 percent.
Russia to build new icebreaker: official
Russia will build a new-generation nuclear-powered icebreaker, said Deputy Prime
Minister Sergei Ivanov on Friday.
Ukraine's ex-PM Tymoshenko under another criminal probe
Ukraine has launched a second criminal investigation against the country's
previous government headed by Yulia Tymoshenko, Prosecutor General Viktor
Pshonka said on Friday.
U.S. allows business with countries on its own blacklist: report
Despite its sanctions and trade embargoes, the U.S. government has over the past
decade allowed American companies to do billions of dollars in business with
Iran and other countries blacklisted as state sponsors of terrorism, The New
York Times reported on Friday.
Angolan top scorer confident about success in African Cup
Top scorer for the Angolan national soccer team Daniel Mpele Mpele said on
Friday that he was confident for his squad's success during the upcoming matches
of the African Cup of Nations for Home-Based Players (CHAN) against Sudan in
February 2010.
Georgia posts slightly faster growth in Q3
The South Caucasus country of Georgia posted a slightly faster economic growth
in the third quarter of this year, the country's statistical agency GeoStat
reported on Friday.
Dutch international Afellay joins Barca on long deal
Dutch international Ibrahim Afellay signed a four and a half year contract to
join Barcelona from PSV Eindhoven on Friday.
Bus crash kills 35 in Ecuador
At least 35 people were killed and 23 injured on early Friday in a bus crash,
when the bus ran off a foggy rainy mountain road in the western province of
Manabi, Ecuador, local media reported Friday.
U.S. census might have missed 1.5 million residents in
California: report
The U.S. Census Bureau might have failed to count 1.5 million residents in
California, a discrepancy that could cost the state billions of dollars in
federal aid over the next decade, a newspaper report said on Friday.
Leonardo appointed as new coach of Inter Milan
Former AC Milan manager Leonardo has been named the new coach of Inter Milan.
Factfile on Inter newly named coach Leonardo
Following is the Factfile on Leonardo, who was named as the new coach of Inter
Milan on Friday following the sacking of Rafael Benitez:
1st Ld: Bus crash kills 35 in Ecuador
At least 35 people died and 23 were injured on Friday when a passenger bus in
the Ecuadorian coastal province Manabi went off the highway and fell 200 meters,
local television station Teleamazonas reported Friday.
U.S. presses Yemen for "forceful action" against al-Qaeda wing
U.S. President Barack Obama's top advisor on terrorism has asked Yemen to take
"forceful action" against al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) to thwart its
terror plots in Yemen and other countries including on the U.S. soil, the White
House said on Friday.
U.S. security chiefs prepare against holiday terror threats
The White House on Friday convened an inter-agency coordination call with the
government's security chiefs, making preparations against possible holiday
terror threats.
Five die in Mexican highway accident
Five people died on Friday when a private car fell off a bridge on the highway
linking Mexico City to Morelia in the Pacific Coast state of Michocan, the Red
Cross in Zapotlanejo of the neighboring state Jalisco reported.
Urgent: UN chief hails General Assembly's decision to accept new
envoy of Cote d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon on Friday welcomed a Thursday decision by the
General Assembly to accept the credentials of the new envoy of Cote d' Ivoire
dispatched by Alassane Ouattara, the internationally recognized new president of
the West African country.
1st Ld: UN chief hails General Assembly's decision to accept new
envoy of Cote d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon on Friday welcomed a Thursday decision by the
General Assembly to accept the credentials of the new envoy of Cote d' Ivoire
dispatched by Alassane Ouattara, the internationally recognized new president of
the West African country.
2nd Ld-Writethru: UN chief hails General Assembly's decision to
accept new envoy of Cote d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-general Ban Ki- moon on Friday welcomed a Thursday decision by the
General Assembly to accept the credentials of the new envoy of Cote d' Ivoire
dispatched by Alassane Ouattara, the internationally recognized new president of
the West African country.
Biden, Sudanese leader discuss upcoming referendum
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Sudanese Second Vice President Ali Osman Taha
talked on the phone on Friday regarding the upcoming referendum on the status of
south Sudan.
Israeli warplanes attack Gaza
Israeli warplanes carried out three raids on the Gaza Strip early Saturday,
hitting smuggling tunnels under Egypt's border and a military site for Hamas,
witnesses and security sources said.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's two of three major bourses closed mixed on Friday.
Uruguay declares agricultural emergency due to drought
The Uruguayan government on Friday declared an agricultural emergency in the
northern region of the country due to a drought that is expected to continue,
Farming Minister Tabare Aguerre told local press.
Peruvian police evict occupants of archeological complex
Two thousand Peruvian police officers Friday carried out an operation to evict
some 6,000 people who occupied the pre-Hispanic citadel, Pachacamac, in Lurin,
just south of the Peruvian capital, Police chief colonel Roberto Lujan said.
Roundup: Italian embassy bombs linked to anarchists, Rome on high
alert
by Eric J. Lyman
Cuba sends more health staff to Haiti
Cuba Friday sent another 60 health workers to Haiti to join its medical brigade
to fight the cholera epidemic, which has already killed over 2,000 people.
Cuban leader congratulates Belarusian president on reelection
Cuban leader Raul Castro sent a message to his Belarusian counterpart Alexander
Lukashenko Friday congratulating him on reelection, said the Foreign Affairs
Ministry (MFA) on its website.
Salmonella outbreak sickens tens of dozens in U.S.: report
A salmonella outbreak linked to alfalfa sprouts has sickened 89 people in 15
states and the District of Columbia, CNN reported on Friday.
Colombian president calls for continued fight against guerrillas
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos on Friday called on public forces to
continue the fight against illegal armed guerrillas in the country in a bid to
achieve complete peace.
Mexican village evacuated due to pipeline leak
Local authorities evacuated San Jose Ayotla, a village of 120 people in central
Mexican state Puebla, following a pipeline leak reported near 1:30 a.m. Friday
morning, Mexican broadcaster Milenio reported.
Bolivian oil company to invest 1.75 bln USD in 2011
Bolivian state-owned oil company YPFB announced Friday that it would invest
about 1.75 billion U.S. dollars next year to enhance the country's oil
production capacity.
U.S. researcher sees great chances to improve U.S.-China
relations
The coming year offers a great chance for the United States and China to improve
their relations, a senior U.S. researcher said.
Yearender: In times of disasters
Disasters are not limited to movies. Catastrophic scenes, no longer mere cliff-
hangers on screens, hit the real world from time to time in 2010.
Ecuadorian president laments bus crash
Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa voiced his sorrow on Friday for the bus
accident that killed at least 35 people and injured 32 before dawn that day in
the coastal province of Manabi.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 25
Despite its sanctions and trade embargoes, the U.S. government has over the past
decade allowed American companies to do billions of dollars in business with
Iran and other countries blacklisted as state sponsors of terrorism, The New
York Times reported on Friday.
DPRK media: Pyongyang's continence prevents war from breaking out
Leading newspapers of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on
Saturday said it was the continence of the DPRK that had prevented an all-out
war from breaking out.
Chilean president, lawmakers meet on Bolivia's demand for sea
outlet
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera met a group of lawmakers Thursday to discuss
Bolivia's demand for a sea outlet, a thorny issue between the two South American
neighbors.
Rise in food prices causes higher inflation in Brazil: minister
Brazilian Minister of Finance Guido Mantega on Thursday blamed rising food
prices for the higher inflation facing the country over the past few months.
Feature: Christmas time in Denmark
by Gunnar Blaschke, Yang Jingzhong
Backgrounder: Major parcel bomb explosions in the world this year
Two bomb explosions respectively hit the Swiss and Chilean embassies in Rome on
Thursday, each injuring one person.
Chinese official calls for further cultural exchanges with Chile
Chinese State Councilor Liu Yandong on Thursday called on China and Chile to
strengthen cultural exchanges and cooperation, saying they hold great
significance for deepening bilateral ties.
News Analysis: Oil prices rise to two-year high on growing
confidence
By Qiao Jihong
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 24
A classroom was damaged and two students injured as a blast took place Friday at
a school in northwest Pakistan's Peshawar, local media reported.
DPRK accuses S. Korea of launching "another political
provocation"
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) accused South Korea of raising
the "abductees" issue, calling it "another vicious political provocation," the
official KCNA news agency reported Friday.
Gas output in Russia's Sakhalin to exceed 25 bln cubic meters in
2011
Gas production in Sakhalin in Russia's Far East will reach 25.3 billion cubic
meters in 2011, 800 million more than that of this year, Governor of the
territory Alexander Khoroshavin said on Friday.
London stock market lower in early trade
London stock market opened lower on Friday, the last trading day before
Christmas, with the leading FTSE 100 index down by 6.99 points, or 0.12 percent,
at 5,989.08 points.
Urgent: Lavrov rejects U.S. Senate resolution on START
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Friday that the resolution adopted
by the U.S. Senate on the new strategic arms reduction treaty (START) has no
legal force.
Russian senators to consider START ratification in January
Russia's Federation Council, the upper house of the parliament, will consider
ratifying the new strategic arms reduction treaty (START) in January, said
speaker Sergei Mironov on Friday.
1st LD: Lavrov rejects U.S. Senate resolution on START
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Friday that the resolution adopted
by the U.S. Senate on the new strategic arms reduction treaty (START) was not
true.
2nd LD Writethru: Lavrov rejects U.S. Senate resolution on START
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Friday that the resolution adopted
by the U.S. Senate on the new strategic arms reduction treaty (START) was not
true.
Thousands still stranded at Paris airport on Christmas Eve
After fresh snowfalls hit the north and east of France, over 2,000 passengers
had to spend their night till Christmas Eve on Friday at the Paris Charles de
Gaulle airport, one of the country's major transmit hub.
DPRK blasts U.S.for tension on Korean Peninsula
The official KCNA news agency of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK) on Friday accused the United States and its military allies of taking "a
grave action of aggression quite contrary to the global trend for peace."
S&amp;P raises Kazakhstan's credit ratings
Standard and Poor's has raised Kazakhstan's long-term foreign and local currency
sovereign credit ratings to "BBB" and "BBB+" from "BBB-" and "BBB" respectively.
Yearender: Kyrgyzstan goes through a tortuous road from turmoil
to stability in 2010
Kyrgyz President Roza Otunbayeva announced on Monday a new government structure
at the first government meeting, opening a new era for the precarious nation
after a turbulent year.
Russia to cooperate with Japan, but no concession on Southern
Kurils: Medvedev
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Friday reiterated that the Southern Kuril
Islands are Russia's territory, saying there's no concession on the sovereignty
between Russia and Japan.
Chinese president congratulates Lukashenko on reelection
Chinese President Hu Jintao on Friday sent a congratulatory message to Alexander
Lukashenko on his reelection as the president of Belarus.
Kazakh President Nazarbayev may stay in office until 2020: senior
official
A referendum on extending Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev's term of office
until 2020 may take place in March 2011, a senior official said Friday.
London stock market closes higher
The London stock market closed slightly higher on Friday, with the leading FTSE
100 index up 12.85 points, or 0.21 percent, at 6,008.92 points.
EU to grant Ukraine funding for strategic programs
The Ukrainian government and the European Commission have signed an agreement on
funding three programs for providing the European Union's assistance to Ukraine,
the government's press office said in a statement on Friday.
Russia, Belarus hold talks over gas contracts
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin discussed gas supplies to Minsk with his
Belarusian counterpart Sergei Sidorsky Friday in a phone conversation.
Mongolian president appeals to stay away from vodka during new
year period
Mongolian President Elbegdorj Tsakhia Friday appealed to the Mongolian public to
give up drinking vodka when attending a new year ceremony.
Livestock number down by 27.7 percent in Mongolia
Official statistics showed Friday the total number of livestock in Mongolia this
year is 31.8 million, down 27.7 percent from 2009.
Ukraine arrests two former senior government officials
Two former senior Ukrainian government officials were arrested and one was
wanted for abuse of power, Prosecutor General of Ukraine Viktor Pshonka said
Friday.
China extends donation to help Albanian flood-hit families
China donated 20,000 U.S. dollars to the Albanian Red Cross on Friday to help
families affected by the flood in December in its northern area of Shkoder.
Land traffic chaos contiune on Christmas Eve in Germany
Amid the festival atmosphere shortly before the Christmas Eve, many travellers
were still stuck on the way as the German land traffic is still in a mess hit by
bad weather.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 24
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) accused South Korea of raising
the "abductees" issue, calling it "another vicious political provocation," the
official KCNA news agency reported Friday.
France registers more job seekers in November
France, eager to create enough wealth to trim jobless rate, registered a rise in
the number of job seekers in November despite a boosted economic performance,
government data showed on Friday.
Roundup: Russia to ratify START in 2011
Russia's State Duma on Friday preliminarily approved the new Strategic Arms
Reduction Treaty (START) by a 350-58 vote in the first of its three required
readings, but the final approval of the treaty would have to wait until 2011.
Roundup: Russian president on top five events in 2010
Political stability, economic growth, children's welfare, weather abnormality
and the new strategic arms reduction treaty (START) with the United States have
been the five top events for Russia in 2010, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev
said Friday in a TV interview.
Belarus announces final results of presidential elections
The Belarus Central Elections Commission (CEC) on Friday announced the final
results of the presidential elections, with incumbent President Alexander
Lukashenko reelected for the next five years.
Harper hails Canada's achievements in 2010 in Christmas statement
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Thursday delivered his annual
Christmas statement, hailing the country's achievements in 2010, local media
reported on Friday.
Yearender: China looks to defend top status in London 2012
By Sportswriters Gao Peng and Wang Jingyu
Major sports events for 2011
Following is a list of major world sports events for the year of 2011 (tabulated
under date, event and venue):
Afellay officially joins Barcelona
Dutch midfielder Ibrahim Afellay joined Barcelona from PSV Eindhoven on Friday.
African All-Stars team for Year 2010
Following are the 2010 African All-Stars team chosen by Confederation of African
Football members on Friday:
Leonardo appointed as coach of Inter (updated)
Last season's AC Milan coach Leonardo has been named as manager of city rivals
Inter Milan to succeed Rafael Benitez, the European champions announced on
Friday.
Pakistan awards financial support to women cricketers
The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) announced to award central contracts including
financial support to women cricketers, who won gold medal in the Guangzhou Asian
Games, official said on Friday.
Australian cricket captain on track to play Boxing Day Ashes Test
Australian Cricket Team captain Ricky Ponting is on track to take his place in
Australia's side for the Boxing Day Ashes Test, after getting through a solid
one- hour batting session, local media reported on Friday.
Dynamo Kiev appoints Russian Syomin as new coach
Russian coach Yuri Syomin on Friday was appointed as manager of Ukrainian side
Dynamo Kiev.
FIFA World Cup was 2010 highlight, says South African deputy
president
The successful hosting of the June-July FIFA World Cup was highlight of 2010,
Deputy Presidentof South Africa Kgalema Motlanthe said in his Christmas message
on Friday.
Beijing run for fifth straight win
Beijing Ducks opened their best start in the domestic league when they beat Bayi
Fubang 84-78 to get the fifth straight win on Friday in the Chinese Basketball
Association league (CBA).
China's 2011 money supply back to normal level: central bank
official
China will bring its overall money supply to a normal level with a range of
policy tools next year as the government shifts monetary policy from "moderately
loose" to "prudent", the central bank said Friday in a statement on its website,
citing Deputy Governor Hu Xiaolian.
China Focus: Chinese netizens create cyber words to make language
more "geilivable"
By Xinhua writer Bai Xu
Memorial photo album published to commemorate mainland's former
top negotiator with Taiwan
A memorial photo album dedicated to Wang Daohan, former president of the
mainland's Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS), is
published here Friday on the fifth anniversary of Wang's death.
China Economic News in Brief: Anhui foreign trade; Jiangsu rubber
imports; Shandong  retail sales; Shaanxi investment
The following are some Chinese news items in brief.
China's Shandong Airlines plans to buy 15 Boeing 737-800 jets
worth 1.2 bln USD
China's Shandong Airlines has announced that it plans to purchase 15 Boeing
737-800 passenger jets as the country's air travel market grows.
Asia Game Show 2010 launched in HK
Asia Game Show (AGS) 2010, one of the largest integrated exhibitions in the
region, was launched in Hong Kong on Friday, with an estimated record high
number of visitors participating in this annual video game carnival.
Four injured in northeast China home explosion
Four family members were injured in a natural gas explosion and subsequent fire
at their apartment in northeast China's Jilin Province Friday morning, local
authorities and witnesses said.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.25 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved down 57. 02 points, or 0.25 percent to close Friday's
morning session at 22, 845.95  points.
China makes progress in crackdown on porn, pirated publications:
gov't agency
China has made steady progress in cracking down on production and distribution
of porn and pirated publications over the year, the National Office Against
Pornographic and Illegal Publications said Friday.
Chinese shares close lower Friday
Chinese equities closed lower Friday as the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
went down 0.7 percent, or 20.06 points, to close at 2,835.16 points.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 24
China's stock index futures closed down Friday with the contract for January
2011, the most actively traded, down 0.84 percent from the previous trading day
to end at 3,196.4 points.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 24
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, fell
31.86 points, or 2.71 percent, to close at 1,144.50 Friday.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec. 24
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at 3,162.96 points Friday, down 25.65 points, or 0.80
percent, from the previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices down -- Dec. 24
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower Friday
to end at 12,556.85 points, down 87.73 points, or 0.69 percent.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 24
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,835.16 points Friday, down 20.06 points, or 0.70 percent, from the previous
close.
Taiwan stocks close 0.42 pct lower
Taiwan's share prices closed lower Friday with the weighted index down 37.77
points, or 0.42 percent, to close at 8,861.10, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.3 pct
Hong Kong stocks closed down 69.17 points, or 0.30 percent, at 22,833.80 on
Friday.
China Exclusive: Westerners in China celebrate Christmas with an
Oriental twist
By Xinhua Writer Hu Tao
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks close 0.30 pct lower
Hong Kong stocks was slightly lower in a shortened trading session on Friday
ahead of the Christmas holiday, with the weighted index losing 69.17 points, or
0.30 percent, to end at 22,833.80.
Top regional official says Xinjiang's stability "fragile"
A top official in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region Friday said
the region, shaken by a deadly riot last year, still faces many factors that may
affect stability.
1st Ld-Writethru: Chinese shares slide for 3rd day; authorities'
price-monitoring  order hits farm produce sector
Chinese stocks fell for a third day Friday with the farm produce sector leading
the decline after China's top economic planner ordered strict monitoring of
agriculture commodity prices.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 24
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 24:
Chinese banks' November forex surplus hits 45.3 bln USD
The surplus of Chinese banks' foreign exchange purchases over sales in client
transactions in November totaled 45.3 billion U.S. dollars, the State
Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) said Friday.
China to expand work-related injury insurance scheme
China will expand the coverage of work-related injury insurance, said an
amendment to the Regulation on Work-Related Injury Insurance released by the
State Council Friday.
Fishing boat with 13 crew missing for a week in south China
A fishing boat carrying at least 13 people has been missing for a week after it
took shelter from strong wind on Dec. 16 off the coast of south China's
Guangdong Province, government authorities said Friday.
China Enterprises Index downs 0.59 pct -- Dec. 24
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index went down 73.58 points, or 0.59 percent,
to close at 12,442. 94 on Friday.
Gold price closes flat in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong closed unchanged at 12,848 HK dollars per tael on
Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
China Exclusive: A city's once trumpeted smoking ban gets watered
down, reflecting  difficulties of tobacco control
Local legislators in an east China city have watered down a smoking ban
previously touted as China's toughest, reflecting the tremendous challenges
tobacco control efforts face in China, the country with the largest number of
smokers.
China increases surveillance of agricultural product prices
China's top economic planner Friday ordered price surveillance authorities to
keep prices of agricultural products stable over the coming New Year and Spring
Festival holidays.
China civil affairs ministry allocates 11 bln yuan for disaster
relief in 2010
China's Ministry of Civil Affairs allocated some 11.344 billion yuan (1.7
billion U.S. dollars) for disaster relief this year, according to a report
referred to the country's top legislature for review.
China's charity sector reports decline in donations
China's government and non- governmental organizations received charitable
donations of 54.2 billion yuan (about 8.09 billion US dollars) last year,
according to the latest report published here Friday.
All 7,590 suggestions made at China's top legislature receive
feedback
The 7,590 suggestions Chinese legislators made at the annual session of the
nation's top legislature in March have received feedback, a report said Friday.
HK sets aside 2.3 mln USD for 5 mega events in 2011
Hong Kong's Mega Events Fund Assessment Committee announced here Friday that a
maximum of 17. 8 million HK dollars (about 2.3 million U.S. dollars) has been
earmarked for supporting five mega events to be held in HK next year.
HK finds dead bird infected with H5N1 virus
A dead chicken found in Sha Lo Wan on Lantau Island on Dec. 18 has been
confirmed to have the highly pathogenic  H5N1 virus, said the Hong Kong
authority Friday.
1st LD: Fishing boat with 13 crew missing in sea off south China
for a week
A fishing boat with at least 13 crew aboard has been missing for a week in
waters off the coast of south China's Guangdong Province, authorities said
Friday.
SAIC group to triple capacity in eastern China city to 1 mln
units
Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. (Group), China's largest carmaker, agreed on
Friday to more than triple its annual production at its subsidiary in the
eastern city of Nanjing to 1 million units within five years.
China 2006-2010 outbound overseas direct investment totaled 216.6
bln USD: MOC
China's outbound overseas direct investment (ODI) to non-financial sectors
totaled 216.6 billion U.S. dollars in the 2006-2010 period, exceeding the
government's target 3.6 times, the Minister of Commerce (MOC) Chen Deming said
Friday.
URGENT: Fire breaks out in shopping mall in east China's Zhejiang
Province
A fire broke out in a shopping mall in east China's Jinhua City, Zhejiang
Province at around 8:00 p.m. Friday. Casualties unknown.
Bank of China signs cooperation agreements with two Taiwan banks
Bank of China (BOC), China's fourth largest lender by assets, announced Friday
that it had signed comprehensive cooperation agreements with with two Taiwan-
based commercial banks.
1st-Ld: Shopping mall on fire in east China, firemen rush to
rescue people trapped
Fire engulfed a electric appliance store in east China's Zhejiang Province
Friday night, local police said.
China invests heavily in building basic medical insurance system
China's health care reform funds - 850 billion yuan (126 billion U.S. dollars)
over three years - were mainly used to build a basic medical insurance system
for urban and rural residents, said Minister of Finance Xie Xuren Friday.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Fishing boat with 13 crew missing in sea off
south China for a  week
A fishing boat with at least 13 crew aboard has been missing for a week in
waters off the coast of south China's Guangdong Province, authorities said
Friday.
Chinese people warned against over-use of drugs
China's National Development and Reform Commission has warned of the dangers of
drug overdoses among the public in a report referred to the top legislature for
review on Friday.
13 Vietnam sailors rescued from sinking vessel in East China Sea
Thirteen out of 17 Vietnamese crew were saved by Chinese rescue team after their
ship Hung Cuong 168 sank near Minjiang estuary in East China Sea on Friday
evening, local rescue bureau said.
2nd-Ld: Shopping mall on fire in east China, firemen rush to
rescue people trapped
Fire engulfed an electric appliance store in east China's Zhejiang Province
Friday night, local police said.
China to overhaul dairy supervision before festivals
China's State Food and Drug Administration
China Focus: Tibetan Philharmonic Orchestra shares music from the
plateau with the  world
At 12 years of age, when many of his peers entered monasteries, Penba joined a
Tibetan opera troupe, driven by his love of music.
1st-Ld-Writethru: 13 Vietnamese sailors rescued from sinking
vessel in East China  Sea
Thirteen of 17 Vietnamese crew members were saved by a Chinese rescue team after
strong winds sank the Vietnamese ship, the Hung Cuong 168, near Minjiang estuary
in the East China Sea on Friday evening, the Chinese rescue center said.
One detained after fireworks blast in Beijing, no casualties
reported
One man was detained for illegally storing fireworks in Beijing, which is being
blamed for an explosion on Thursday night, police said Friday.
Egypt's Mubarak vows more reform, fast growth
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak pledged on Saturday to continue to push forward
the country's democratic system and set the goal of realizing an economic growth
rate of eight percent in the next five years.   The party had strived to bring
in equality and fair competition to Egypt's political system for the best
interests of Egyptian people, said Mubarak while addressing the opening of the
seventh annual conference of the ruling National Democratic Party.
Yearender: Egypt's NDP consolidates domination in political
landscape
by Omnia al Desoukie, Feng Kang
Hamas armed wing says interested in keeping calm in Gaza
The armed wing of the Islamic Hamas movement on Saturday said it is interested
in keeping the situation in the Gaza Strip calm though truce with Israel has
been fragile.
Six wounded in Baghdad violence
Six people were wounded in bomb and gunfire attacks targeting the Iraqi police
in Baghdad on Saturday, an Interior Ministry source said.
Abbas: reconciliation leads to Gaza rebuilding
Palestinian National Authority ( PNA) President Mahmoud Abbas said Saturday the
PNA would be ready to rebuild the Gaza Strip when the Hamas movement signs an
Egyptian plan for Palestinian reconciliation.
Fatah accuses Hamas seeks ceasefire with Israel to attack PNA
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah party on Saturday accused Hamas of
seeking calm with Israel to attack the Palestinian National Authority in the
West Bank.
West Bank reports first A/H1N1 case in months
Palestinian Health Ministry recorded the first case of A/H1N1 virus in the
Palestinian territories in months, an official said on Saturday.
Roundup: Fatah slams Hamas' intention to reshuffle its deposed
government
by Osama Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Hamas slams Canada for listing it "terrorist" entity
Islamic Hamas movement on Saturday slammed Canada for listing it as a terrorist
organization.
Yemen's oil export income falls 15 pct in September
Yemeni government's income from oil exports dropped by 15 percent in September
of 2010 to 198.4 million U.S. dollars from 233.4 million U.S. dollars in August,
the country's central bank said on Saturday.
Arab Fund to allocates 500 mln dollars to boost Yemeni
development
The Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development (AFESD) pledged to allocate
500 million U.S. dollars to support development projects in Yemen during the
period 2011-2015, Yemen's state media reported on Saturday.
News Analysis: Hamas committed to calm to avoid another new war
on Gaza
by Osama Radi, Omer Othmani, Saud Abu Ramadan
Syria faces difficulties in fighting child labor
Syrian Labor Minister Diala Haj Aref said Saturday that Syria is facing real
difficulties in fighting against child labor which is rampant in the country.
OAPEC sets 2011 budget at 7.28 mln USD
The 85th session of the ministerial council of the Organization of Arab
Petroleum Exporting Countries (OAPEC) approved Saturday its 2011 estimated OAPEC
budget of 2.053 million Kuwaiti dinars (about 7.28 million U.S. dollars) 4
percent up from that of the last year.
China, Jordan sign 4.5 mln USD agreement
Jordan and China on Saturday signed an economic and technical cooperation
agreement under which China provides the Arab kingdom with 4.5 million U.S.
dollars to implement development projects.
Joint Arab action discussed in Cairo
The Higher Coordination Committee of the joint Arab action convened on Saturday
in Cairo to discuss possible measures to promote cooperation and development and
deal with various challenges in the Arab world.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 25
The armed wing of the Islamic Hamas movement on Saturday said it is interested
in keeping the situation in the Gaza Strip calm though truce with Israel has
been fragile.
Syrian President congratulates Christian community on Christmas
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad congratulated on Saturday the Syrian Christian
denominations heads on Christmas, local Damascus Press news website reported.
Yearender: Iraq forms government after tough political argy-
bargy, amid bloodshed
by Jamal Hashem, Song Dan
Tsunami warning for Fiji canceled
A tsunami warning issued for Fiji early Sunday morning after an earthquake in
Vanuatu has been canceled.
Moderate tremor jolts S. Philippines
A magnitude-5.1 earthquake hit the southern Philippines on Sunday morning, the
United States Geological Survey (USGS) said. No casualties or damage were
reported.
Militants release abducted female trader in S. Philippines
Suspected Abu Sayyaf militants released their female trader captive late
Saturday in the southern Philippines, military said Sunday.
Roundup: 97 asylum seekers feared missing at sea to Australia
By Vienna Ma
Australia's road blitz nets thousands in Victoria on Christmas
holiday
A Victoria Police holiday blitz has busted 416 motorists for drink driving and
more than 3,000 people for speeding on the Christmas holiday, Australian Police
confirmed on Sunday.
Japan's top gov't spokesman says DPJ might form new coalition:
report
Japan's top government spokesman Yoshito Sengoku said the ruling Democratic
Party of Japan (DPJ) might form a new coalition government Sunday, according to
a Kyodo News report.
(Recast) Japan's top gov't spokesman says DPJ might form new
coalition: report
Japan's top government spokesman Yoshito Sengoku said Sunday the ruling
Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ) might form a new coalition government,
according to a Kyodo News report.
Nepal to distribute machine readable passport
The Nepali Ministry of Foreign Affairs is all set to distribute the machine
readable passport ( MRP) from Sunday by distributing the diplomatic passports to
the distinguished personalities first.
34 killed in road accident in northern India
Thirty-four people were killed when their mini-truck overturned and was hit by a
bus in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh on Saturday night, reported
the Indo-Asian News Service Sunday.
Three rescued Chinese fishermen head home from S. Korea
Three Chinese fishermen rescued by the South Korean Coast Guard in a recent
sinking accident in Yellow Sea left Seoul for home on Saturday, Chinese consular
officials here said.
3rd LD Writethru: 42 killed, 72 injured in suicide blast in
Pakistan
At least 42 people were killed and 72 others injured in a suicide blast that
took place Saturday morning in front of a World Food Program office in
Pakistan's northwest city of Khar in Bajaur Agency, reported local Urdu TV
channel Geo.
MILF rebels reject to hold informal talks with Philippine gov't
by January
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF) rejected on Saturday any exploratory
talks with the Philippine government early next year unless the issue of
facilitator is finally settled.
Urgent: 40 militants killed in Pakistan's northwest tribal area
At least 40 militants were killed in a large-scale operation launched by the
Pakistani security forces Saturday in the country's northwest tribal area of
Mohmand Agency following a massive attack by Taliban militants on security check
posts in the afore-said area on Friday morning, reported local Urdu TV channel
Geo News.
1st LD Writethru: 40 militants killed in Pakistan's northwest
tribal area
At least 40 militants were killed in a large-scale operation launched by the
Pakistani security forces Saturday in the country's northwest tribal area of
Mohmand Agency, local Urdu TV channel Geo News reported.
U.S. trade surplus with Singapore hits 9.8 bln USD
While the recession narrowed what had been a growing trade gap between Singapore
and the United States back in 2009, the United States' surplus this year is
striding far ahead again.
Thai opposition to discuss new leader with former PM Thaksin
Some MPs of the opposition Puea Thai Party will travel to Dubai Sunday to
discuss the political situation and new party leader with former prime minister
Thaksin Shinawatra, a Puea Thai MP said on Saturday.
Philippine gov't urged to release detained MILF officials
The secessionist Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) on Saturday asked the
Philippine government to release detained Moro officials as a sign of
confidence-building measure.
Thai gov't gets low score for credibility: poll
A poll has revealed that Abhisit Vejjajiva government's credibility score is a
lot lower than that of Thaksin Shinawatra's administration during its heyday,
Thai English-language newspaper The Nation reported on Saturday.
Nepali ruling parties decide not to extend UN mission term
At the time when the main opposition Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist)
(UCPN-M) has been demanding to extend the tenure of the United Nations Mission
in Nepal (UNMIN), the ruling parties on Saturday decided not to extend the term
of the UN's political mission in Nepal.
Philippine president condemns Christmas explosion in Sulu
Philippine President Benigno Aquino III condemned on Saturday the explosion that
rocked a church in Sulu province while a Christmas mass was ongoing and resulted
in the injury of six individuals, including a priest.
Urgent: Indian satellite rocket explodes after blast-off
An Indian rocket carrying a communications satellite exploded Saturday afternoon
after blasting off in southern India, local TV reported.
1st LD Writethru: India communication satellite launch fails
India's launch of its latest communication satellite failed Saturday afternoon
after the rocket GSLV-F06 carrying it developed a technical snag soon after its
take-off from the southern spaceport of Sriharikota, sources said.
Indian investigators quiz former telecom minister again in
telecom scam
Indian investigators Saturday summoned former Telecom Minister A. Raja for the
second consecutive day to quiz him in connection with the multi-billion- dollar
2G spectrum scam, sources said.
Feature: Afghan girl develops singer career
By Abdul Haleem Abdul, Zhang Jianhua
Suspected Bomber, 3 others, escape jail in S. Philippines
Four detainees, including a suspected bomber, escaped from a detention cell
early Saturday morning in southern Philippines, police said.
1,709 Cambodians killed in road accidents in 2010
1,709 Cambodian people were killed in road accidents in Cambodia this year,
according to Preap Chan Vibol, director of the overland transport department of
the Ministry of Public Work and Transport, on Saturday.
Urgent: Tsunami warning issued after Pacific tremor
The United States' Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued a tsunami warning
following an earthquake measuring 7.6 on the Richter scale jolted Vanuatu region
at 13:16:40 GMT on Saturday.
1st LD Writethru: 7.6 magnitude earthquake strikes off Vanuatu
An earthquake measuring 7.6 on the Richter scale struck off the Pacific island
country of Vanuatu early Sunday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sri Lanka's tsunami struck train journey to be re-enacted
The train tragedy of the 2004 South Asian Tsunami which killed over 800
passengers in South Sri Lanka is to be commemorated on Sunday, the sixth
anniversary of the disaster.
Pacific quake 'caused tsunami'- Tsunami Warning Center
WELLINGTON, Dec. 26 (Xinhua)-- An earthquake measuring 7.6 on the Richter scale
struck off the Pacific island country of Vanuatu early Sunday and caused a
tsunami, the U.S. Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.
Singapore takes steps to regulate property market
The threat of a property bubble forming in Singapore saw the government
intervening in the market twice in 2010.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 25
Three Chinese fishermen rescued by the South Korean Coast Guard in a recent
sinking accident in Yellow Sea left Seoul for home on Saturday, Chinese consular
officials here said.
1st LD: Blast in Nigeria kills at least 8 people
A blast in Nigeria's troubled city of Jos killed at least eight people on
Christmas Eve, adding to the toll of hundreds in the Muslim-Christian clashes
this year, police reported on Friday.
2nd LD: Blasts in Nigeria's Jos kill at least eight
Multiple blasts in central Nigeria's troubled city of Jos killed at least eight
people on Christmas Eve, adding to the toll of hundreds in the Muslim-Christian
clashes this year, police reported on Friday.
Nigerian state condemns perpetrators of Jos blasts
The Nigerian Plateau State government has condemned those behind the deadly
bombs which rocked some parts of Jos on Christmas eve and killed at least eight.
At least 20 killed in Nigeria's Jos bomb blasts
At least 20 people had been killed as of Saturday morning after three blasts
rocked Nigeria's restive Jos city on Christmas eve, a source with local hospital
told Xinhua.
Writethru: At least 20 killed in Nigeria's Jos bomb blasts
At least 20 people had been killed as of Saturday morning after three blasts
rocked Nigeria's restive Jos city on Christmas eve, a source with local hospital
told Xinhua.
Nigerian state condemns perpetrators of Jos blasts as hospital
puts toll at 23
The Nigerian Plateau State government on Saturday condemned those behind the
deadly bombs which rocked some parts of Jos on Christmas eve as a local hospital
official put the death toll at 23.
Somali pirates hijack Thai-owned cargo ship with 27 crew
A Thai-owned cargo ship with 27 crew had been hijacked by Somali pirates early
Saturday approximately 450 nautical miles North East of the island of Socotra in
the Indian Ocean, EU anti-piracy mission has confirmed.
Six killed in Christmas Eve church attack in northern Nigeria
At least six people were killed after suspected sect members attacked two
churches in Maidugri, capital of northern Nigeria's Borno State on Friday night,
also the Christmas Eve, officials said Saturday.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo rejects warning from ECOWAS:
report
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo's has rejected a warning by the Economic
Community of West African States that force might be used to make him give up
power, media reports said Saturday.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo rejects warning from ECOWAS:
report
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo's has rejected a warning by the Economic
Community of West African States  (ECOWAS) that force might be used to make him
give up power, media reports said Saturday.
2nd LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo rejects warning from ECOWAS:
report
Cote d'Ivoire's Laurent Gbagbo's has rejected a warning by the Economic
Community of West African States  (ECOWAS) that force might be used to make him
give up power, media reports said Saturday.
At least 32 killed, 74 injured in Nigeria's Jos bomb blasts:
police
The police in Nigeria's central north Plateau State has confirmed the killing of
32 people after three blasts rocked Nigeria's restive Jos city.
Urgent: Nigerian president condemns bomb blast in Jos
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Saturday in Abuja condemned the bomb
blast in Jos, describing the action as wrong at a time when the world was
celebrating the Christmas festival.
1st LD: Nigerian president condemns bomb blast in Jos
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Saturday in Abuja condemned the bomb
blast in Jos, describing the action as wrong at a time when the world was
celebrating Christmas.
2nd LD: Nigerian president condemns bomb blast in Jos
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Saturday in Abuja condemned the bomb
blast in Jos, describing the action as wrong at a time when the world was
celebrating Christmas.
14,000 Ivorians seek refuge in Liberia: UN
The total number of refugees fleeing from Cote d'Ivoire to the neighboring
Liberia has grown to 14,000 following the post-electoral instability in the
country, the United Nations refugee agency UNHCR said on Saturday.
Obama strongly condemns terror attacks in Pakistan
U.S. President Barack Obama on Saturday strongly condemned "the outrageous
terrorist attack" in Pakistan's northwest city of Khar, which claimed at least
42 lives.
One dead from gunshot in downtown Los Angeles
One person was killed and at least two were wounded during a gunfire near
Chinatown in downtown Los Angeles Saturday, local authorities said.
Urgent: Former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez dies
Former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez has died in a Miami hospital, an
AP report said Saturday.
Dutch arrest 12 Somali terror suspects
The Dutch police arrested 12 Somali terror suspects in Rotterdam, the Dutch
public prosecution announced on Saturday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 26
Former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez has died in a Miami hospital, an
AP report said Saturday.
Former Venezuelan President Andres Perez dies
Former Venezuelan President Carlos Andres Perez died on Saturday at the age of
88 at a hospital in Miami, local media reported.
Yearender: NATO's new strategy reflects global security trends
By Xinhua Writer Zhang Wei
Yearender: European political integration still an elusive dream
by Wang Cong
2 killed in train-car collision in France
Two people were killed after a regional express train collided with a car on
Saturday night in the northern province of Eure, local media reported.
Urgent: UN cheif  "unequivocally condemns" terrorist attack in
Pakistan
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Saturday "unequivocally condemns" the
terrorist attack in the town of Khar in the Bajur region of Pakistan, which left
more than 40 people killed and many others injured.
UN cheif "unequivocally condemns" terrorist attack in Pakistan
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Saturday "unequivocally condemns" the
terrorist attack in the town of Khar in the Bajur region of Pakistan, which left
over 40 people killed and many others injured.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 26
The Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development (AFESD) pledged to allocate
500 million U.S. dollars to support development projects in Yemen during the
2011-2015 period, Yemen's state media reported on Saturday.
Exxon Mobil to pay 650 million U.S. dollars to buy Arkansas
assets
U.S. oil giant Exxon Mobil has agreed to pay 650 million dollars for Petrohawk
Energy Corp.'s natural gas wells and pipelines in the Fayetteville Shale,
Arkansas.
News Analysis: Would U.S. see another Christmas terror attack?
by Matthew Rusling
Backgrounder: Major bombing attacks in Pakistan in 2010
A suicide blast hit a World Food Program distribution center in Pakistan's
northwest city of Khar on Saturday, killing at least 42 people and injuring 72
others.
German president stresses "respect" within German society in
Christmas speech
German President Christian Wulff takes "respect" as the most important quality
for people living in a multicultural society like Germany in his first Christmas
speech to be broadcast on Friday night at two national TV stations.
Displaced person wins Georgia's first million-dollar jackpot
An internally-displaced person (IDP) has got a Christmas eve sweet surprise and
now does not know what to do with the fortune won from Georgia's first million-
dollar jackpot in history.
Urgent: 7.6-magnitude quake hits Vanuatu region -- USGS
An earthquake measuring 7.6 on the Richter scale jolted Vanuatu region at
13:16:40 GMT on Saturday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Medvedev congratulates Belarusian president on re-election
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has congratulated his Belarusian counterpart
Alexander Lukashenko on his re-election, the Kremlin press officer said
Saturday.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 25
A Thai-owned cargo ship with 27 crew had been hijacked by Somali pirates early
Saturday approximately 450 nautical miles North East of the island of Socotra in
the Indian Ocean, EU anti- piracy mission has confirmed.
Knicks enjoy happy Christmas for second straight win
Raymond Felton pulled out 20 points, 12 assists and five steals to lead the New
York Knicks to a 103-95 home victory Saturday over the Chicago Bulls on
Christmas Day.
Monaco's Costa back to Brazil to play for Vasco de Gama on loan
French Ligue 1 strugglers Monaco re-contracted with Vasco de Gama on Saturday to
go on loaning midfielder Eduardo Costa to the Brazilian soccer giants on a six-
month deal.
USGA chief Fay announces to retire
The U.S. Golf Association's executive director David Fay announced Friday to
retire from the post he has kept for two decades.
Maradona threatens to sue Argentine soccer chief Grondona
Former Argentine coach Diego Maradona continued his words crossfire on Friday
with the country's soccer govening body chief, threatening to take legal action.
Cold weather affects football program in England
The cold weather is continuing to badly affect the festive football program in
England and Scotland, English news agency PA reported on Saturday.
Bangladesh National Wushu Competition ends
Bangladesh National Wushu Competition ended here Saturday.
Zhejiang bounce back to beat Henan in WCBA
Ebony Hoffman scored 31 points as Zhejiang beat Henan 82-78 in Saturday's
Chinese Women's Basketball League (WCBA) match.
China wins bronze at Asian women's handball championship
Chinese women handball team won the third place in the Asian women's handball
championship here on Saturaday, beating Japan.
1st Ld-Writethru: Over 800 evacuated after land sinks in E China,
salt mining blamed
A land cave-in had prompted the evacuation of more than 800 villagers by
Saturday evening in east China's Jiangxi Province, local authorities said.
3rd Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China raises interest rate second
time this year to  curb inflation
China 's central bank announced Saturday that it will raise the one-year lending
and deposit interest rate for the second time this year, as the government
continues its battle against surging prices.
Robust domestic market to support China' s growth in five years:
official
BEIJING, Dec. 25 (Xinhua) - A robust domestic market, an increasingly
competitive technological edge, a vibrant economic structure and a stable
society will continue to provide strong support for China's growth in the next
five years, a senior official said on Saturday.
Chinese vice premier urges tax collectors to improve services
Chinese vice premier Li Keqiang said that China's tax officials should continue
to promote reform in the tax system and improve services to contribute to the
country's economic development and social harmony.
Chinese vice premier calls for speeding up industrial
restructuring
BEIJING, Dec.25 (Xinhua) - Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Dejiang on Saturday called
for speeding up China's industrial restructuring and improvements in scientific
innovation to set the foundation for building a well-off society.
1st LD-Writethru:China's legislature ends bimonthly session,
adopts revision to Law  on Water and Soil Conservation
China's top legislature on Saturday ended its six-day bimonthly session,
adopting a revision to the country's Law on Water and Soil Conservation in a bid
to better protect the nation's environment.
Over 450 evacuated after land sinks in E China, salt mining
blamed
A land cave-in prompted the evacuation of more than 450 villagers Friday night
in east China's Jiangxi Province, said local authorities.
China Economic News in Brief: Tibet trade, Shanghai rail
construction, Xinjiang GDP  growth
BEIJING, Dec. 26 (Xinhua) - The following are some Chinese economic news items
in Brief:
China exempts consumption taxes on biodiesel
China exempted consumption taxes on pure biodiesel made from waste animal fats
or vegetable oils, according to the Ministry of Finance (MOF) and the State
Administration of Taxation.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao inspects China National Radio
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrived at the China National Radio (CNR) to start an
inspection Sunday morning.
Three still missing after Vietnamese ship sinks in E China Sea
Rescuers are searching for three still missing crew members of a Vietnam-
registered ship that sank Friday afternoon in the East China Sea, said local
maritime safety authorities.
Xinhua Insight: China sends city officials to provide
professional administrators to rural communities
In the prime of Zhang Chengquan's life, he had thought, for some time, of
leaving the city and working in the countryside. He was sympathetic towards poor
farmers he knew and wanted to help them.
China's top legislature appoints new minister of industry,
information technology
China's top legislature Saturday approved the Cabinet nomination of Miao Wei as
the new minister of industry and information technology.
1st Ld: Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao inspects China National Radio
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrived at the China National Radio (CNR) to start an
inspection Sunday morning.
1st Ld-Writethru: China's top legislature appoints new minister
of industry, information  technology
China's top legislature Saturday approved the Cabinet nomination of Miao Wei as
the new minister of industry and information technology.
2nd Ld: Chinese Premier chats with disaster-hit locals over radio
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao chatted with local residents in disaster-hit regions
during an inspection to the China National Radio (CNR) on Sunday morning.
President of Chongqing radio and television group expelled from
top legislature
The National People's Congress (NPC) Standing Committee approved a report by
vote to remove Li Xiaofeng from the post as a deputy to the 11th NPC.
China Economic News in Brief: Hainan's aquatic exports; Ningxia's
retail sales; Shanxi's  foreign trade
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
China's industrial value-added output expected to rise 15 pct in
2010: MIIT
China's industrial value-added output is expected to expand 15 percent year on
year in 2010, according to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
(MIIT), Saturday.
6.0-magnitude earthquake jolts Vanuatu
An earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale jolted the Pacific island
country of Vanuatu at 10:13 Sunday Beijing Time (0213 GMT), according to the
China Earthquake Networks Center.
1st LD-Writethru: 6.0-magnitude earthquake jolts Vanuatu
An earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale jolted the Pacific island
country of Vanuatu at 10:13 Sunday Beijing Time (0213 GMT), according to the
China Earthquake Networks Center.
China's central bank to raise one-year interests rate by 0.25
percentage points
China's central bank will raise the one-year interests rate by 0.25 percentage
points from Sunday, according to a statement posted on the website of the
People's Bank of China Saturday.
3rd Ld: Chinese Premier chats with disaster-hit locals over radio
Tibetan teacher Caizhongcuo from northwest China's Qinghai Province voiced her
worry about the soaring coal price over a radio program while one of the
audience was Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao.
1st Ld: China's central bank to raise interests rate, second time
this year
China's central bank will raise the one-year lending and deposit interests rate
by 25 basis points from Dec. 26, according to a statement posted on the website
of the People's Bank of China Saturday.
Beijing aims for smoke-free indoor public spaces by 2015
Beijing will strive to make all the city's indoor public places, workplaces and
public transport smoke-free by 2015, said local health authorities.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 25
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 25:
1st Ld-Writethru: President of Chongqing radio and television
group expelled from  top legislature
The National People's Congress (NPC) Standing Committee approved a report by
vote to remove Li Xiaofeng from the post as a deputy to the 11th NPC.
2nd Ld: China's central bank to raise one-year interest rate,
second time this year
China's central bank will raise the one-year lending and deposit interest rate
by 25 basis points beginning Dec. 26, according to a statement posted on the
website of the People's Bank of China (PBOC), the central bank, on Saturday.
Eight mainland tourists injured after bus crashes into orchard in
Taiwan
A tourist coach carrying 36 Chinese mainland tourists crashed into an orchard
Saturday morning on its way from Taitung to Hualien, both counties in Taiwan.
China's top legislature to convene annual session in March
The National People's Congress(NPC), China's top legislature, is to convene its
annual session in Beijing on March 5 next year.
Drug tycoon sentenced to death in south China
A court in south China's Guangdong Province has sentenced a leader of a drug
selling gang to death, authorities said Saturday.
7.6-magnitude quake hits Vanuatu region
A strong earthquake measuring 7.6 on the Richter scale jolted Vanuatu region at
21:16 Beijing Time on Saturday, according to the China Earthquake Networks
Center.
China's legislature ends bimonthly session, adopting revision to
Law on Water and  Soil Conservation
China's top legislature on Saturday ended its six-day bimonthly session,
adopting a revision to the country's Law on Water and Soil Conservation in a bid
to better protect environment.
Chinese top political advisor urges improved work in urban areas
to assure ethnic  unity
Top Chinese political advisor Jia Qinglin Saturday called for strengthening work
in cities to assure the nation's ethnic unity is maintained.
China Focus: Chinese top legislature amends law to better
preserve water, soil
The National People's Congress (NPC), China's top legislature, approved a draft
revision, on Saturday, to the country's Law on Water and Soil Conservation to
better protect environment.
Chairpersons of China's top political adivisory body discuss
preparations for upcoming  sessions
BEIJING, Dec. 25 (Xinhua) --The presidium of the 11th Chinese People's Political
Consultative Conference (CPPCC) National Committee held a meeting here on
Saturday to discuss preparations for the upcoming Fourth Plenary Session of the
11th CPPCC National Committee, which is scheduled to open on March 3.
Chinese cultural show marks anniversary of China-Saudi diplomatic
ties
A Chinese culture show was put up in the Saudi capital Riyadh as both countries
mark the 20th anniversary of diplomatic ties.
Iran kills three drug traffickers: report
An Iranian police commander said that the police forces have killed three drug
traffickers in the southern province of Kerman, the semi-official Fars news
agency reported on Sunday.
Two Gaza militants killed in clashes with Israeli army
Israeli forces killed two Palestinian militants Sunday morning in armed clashes
near the Gaza Strip borders, security and medical sources said.
Urgent: 8 U.S. tourists killed in Egypt traffic accident
Eight U.S. tourists were killed and some 21 others were injured in a traffic
accident in southern Egypt, official media reported.
1st LD: 8 U.S. tourists killed in Egypt traffic accident
Eight U.S. tourists died and some 21 others were injured in a traffic accident
in southern Egypt, Egypt 's official news agency MENA reported on Sunday.
Plane carrying Turkish energy minister makes emergency landing in
Beijing
A plane carrying Turkish energy minister made an emergency landing in Beijing on
Sunday, the semi- official Anatolia news agency reported.
Egyptian FM visits Iraq
Visiting Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit on Sunday met with Iraqi top
officials on bilateral cooperation and is expected to open a new Egyptian
consulate in Arbil, the capital of the semi-autonomous Kurdish region.
Jordan sends aid convoy to Gaza Strip
Jordan on Sunday dispatched a 17- truck convoy laden with medical supplies,
equipment and construction materials to the Gaza Strip, according to a statement
of the Jordan Hashemite Charity Organization (JHCO).
Palestinians unaware of new U.S. ideas over future state's
borders: official
The Palestinian leadership is unaware of new U.S. ideas replacing previous
understandings that all concerned parties had agreed on over the borders of
future Palestinian statehood, a Palestinian official said Sunday.
Paraguay to recognize Palestinian state next year
Paraguay plans to recognize an independent Palestinian state next year, the
Palestinian National Authority (PNA) said Sunday.
Three Syrians die of H1N1 flu pandemic
Syrian Health Ministry announced Sunday that three Syrians have died of H1N1 flu
pandemic, the local Syria Now news website reported.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,384 points on
Sunday, increasing by six points from last Thursday's finish.
Iranian speaker calls for foreign troops' pullout from
Afghanistan
Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani said that withdrawal of foreign troops
from Afghanistan is a main step to the achievement of security in the country,
the semi-official Fars news agency reported on Sunday.
Urgent: 4 Turks kidnapped in Afghanistan
Four Turks and their Afghan driver were kidnapped in eastern Afghanistan, the
Dubai-based al-Arabiya TV channel reported on Sunday.
Israeli minister: Revival of peace talks critical to our survival
Israel's Industry, Trade and Labor Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer Sunday said
that Israel's existence hinges on the revival of peace talks with the
Palestinians, claiming that at some point even the United States, the Jewish
state's staunchest ally, could recognize a Palestinian state.
Mavi Marmara ship returns to Istanbul
Mavi Marmara, the flagship of the ill-fated Gaza-bound flotilla attacked by
Israel in May, returned to Istanbul on Sunday.
Interview: Israel, U.S. responsible for blocking Gaza
reconstruction
by Ahmed Dabba, Saud Abu Ramadan
Two militants killed, five wound in eastern Algeria: paper
The Algerian army ambushed militants in the coastal province of Jijel, about 360
km east of the Algerian capital of Algiers, killing at least two and wounding
five others, local Ennahar newspaper reported on Sunday, citing senior sources.
PNA denies planning to expel Hamas activists from West Bank
The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) on Sunday denied Hamas accusations that
it plans to expel several of the Islamic movement's members in the West Bank.
Iran, Afghanistan sign two MoUs
Iranian and Afghan officials Sunday signed two Memorandum of Understanding
(MoUs) on boosting cooperation between the two countries, the semi-official Fars
news agency reported.
2nd LD: 8 U.S. tourists killed in traffic accident in Egypt
Eight U.S. tourists died and some 21 others were injured in a traffic accident
in southern Egypt, the official MENA news agency reported on Sunday.
Israeli PM pledges 84 mln USD to upgrade national firefighting
services
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday pledged an investment of 300
million shekels ( 84 million U.S. dollars) for the establishment of a national
fire service authority, following the Carmel Forest blaze in northern Israel,
which earlier in the month claimed 44 lives.
Iranian lawmakers praise former FM's services
Iranian lawmakers on Sunday in a statement praised former Foreign Minister
Manouchehr Mottaki for his services for the Islamic Republic during his five-
year tenure since 2005, the local satellite Press TV reported.
1st LD: Mavi Marmara ship returns to Istanbul amidst fanfare
Tens of thousands of Turks turned up at Sultanahmet harbor in Istanbul on Sunday
for the return of the Mavi Marmara, the ill-fated flagship of the Gaza flotilla,
which was violently raided by Israeli commando forces in May.
Israeli army, Palestinians clash in West Bank
Several dozen Palestinians on Sunday clashed with Israeli security forces at the
Qalandiya crossing in the West Bank.
Thousands celebrate Grand Bazaar's 550th anniversary in Istanbul
Over 3,000 people celebrated on Sunday Istanbul's historic Grand Bazaar's 550th
anniversary.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes down
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,071.43 points on
Sunday, down 5.96 points from Thursday's close. The turnover was just over 1.15
billion shekels (about 283 million U.S. dollars).
Iran willing to strengthen ties with Sudan: president
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, in a written message addressing his
Sudanese counterpart Omar al-Bashir on Sudan, expressed willingness to
strengthen ties with Sudan in different fields, Sudan's official SUNA news
agency reported.
Roundup: Qatar market consolidates leadership position
The local stock market in the State of Qatar, the world's third largest gas
exporting nation after Russia and Iran, gained Sunday to reach 8,737.39 points,
the largest increase among Arab Gulf capital markets.
Yemen sets parliamentary elections for April
Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh announced on Sunday that the inauguration of
the parliamentary elections is scheduled for April 27, 2011, and urged the
opposition to take part in the elections, official Saba news agency reported.
Jordan's GDP grows by 3.5 pct in third quarter
Jordan's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) grew by 3.5 percent during the third
quarter of 2010 compared to the same period in 2009, according to official
estimates.
Egyptian court to put Israeli spy ring on trial
An Egyptian court will try an Israeli spy ring on Jan. 15,  local media reported
Sunday.
PNA slams Israel for provocation
A senior official of the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) on Sunday accused
Israel of continuing to provoke the PNA and President Mahmoud Abbas.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 26
Eight U.S. tourists died and some 21 others were injured in a traffic accident
in southern Egypt, the official MENA news agency reported on Sunday.
New Zealand's Christchurch reopens to business after quakes
Most of the central area in New Zealand South Island city of Christchurch were
reopened to business on Monday after Sunday's cluster of aftershocks caused part
of the central business district to be cordoned off.
Moderate quake hits New Zealand North Island's Bay of Plenty
A 5.4 magnitude earthquake rattled New Zealand North Island's Bay of Plenty
early Monday morning, causing no damages or casualties.
Dollar trades below 83 yen line in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded just below 83 yen Monday morning in Tokyo, little changed
from Friday.
South Korean fishing boat survivors leave New Zealand
The 20 survivors from the sinking of a South Korean fishing boat in the Southern
Ocean left New Zealand for home on Christmas Day, New Zealand media reported on
Monday.
Japanese stocks open higher
Japanese stocks opened slightly higher Monday, buoyed by bargain hunting
following last week's substantial declines.
Disapproval for Kan's Cabinet hits all-time high
The disapproval rate for Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan's Cabinet rose to an
all-time high in the latest polls, local media reported on Monday.
Myanmar holds ceremony to pay respect to aged literati
The Myanmar Writers and Journalists Association (MWJA) held a ceremony at the
city hall here Sunday to pay respect to old-aged and doyen literati to mark the
country's Sarsodaw Day (Poets' Day or Literati's Day).
S. Korean president defends persistent drills
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak on Monday defended Seoul's live-fire drills
in the wake of exchange of artillery fire between South Korea and the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) near the disputed western maritime border last
month which resulted in the death of four South Korean citizens.
1st LD Writethru: Japan's top gov't spokesman says DPJ might form
new coalition: report
Japan's top government spokesman Yoshito Sengoku said Sunday the ruling
Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ) might form a new coalition government,
according to a Kyodo News report.
Nepal set to become self-dependent in rabies vaccines
The Rabies Vaccine Production Laboratory of the Animal Health Directorate looks
set to make Nepal self-dependent in rabies vaccine for humans as well as animals
in near future.
Thai PM plans to call early election to reduce political conflict
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said on Sunday he plans to call an early
election next year in hope to reduce current political conflict in the country.
Troops capture militants' leader in E. Afghanistan: NATO
Afghan and NATO-led troops captured a local leader of Taliban outfit during an
operation in eastern Khost province on Saturday, the military alliance said
Sunday.
Singapore SMEs fear cost crunch after good year
Small and medium enterprises ( SMEs) in Singapore were in expansionary mood in
2010, but many will be approaching investments next year more cautiously and
with a sharp eye on rising business costs, local media reported Monday.
Thai PM: No government intervention in bail process of "red
shirts"
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said on Sunday his government did not
intervene in the efforts to request bails for leaders and supporters of anti-
government "red-shirt" movement being detained.
Dense fog disrupts flight services in Indian capital
Dense fog enveloped the Indian capital Sunday, severely disrupting flight
services to and from many cities, including Mumbai, said aviation officials.
Dollar trades in upper 82 yen range in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded narrowly in the upper 82 yen zone in quiet Monday morning
deals in Tokyo.
Indian stocks open lower
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,062.60 points Monday, 11.06 points
lower from previous close of 20,073.66, on China's hike of interest rate.
Aftershock hits New Zealand's Christhurch
Part of the central area of the New Zealand South Island city of Christchurch
was cordoned off on Sunday, and retailers were forced to close their doors to
Boxing Day shoppers, after a strong aftershock earlier in the day caused minor
damage.
S'pore, U.S. scientists collaborate in flu virus genetic research
Scientists from Singapore and the United States have designed an automated
approach to identify dangerous changes in the genome of the influenza virus with
high accuracy and sensitivity, Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology and
Research said on Monday.
Roundup: Dense fog disrupts flights in Indian capital
With visibility dropping to near zero, dense fog Sunday completely enveloped the
Indira Gandhi International Airport in the Indian capital, said civil aviation
officials.
A series of aftershocks hit Vanuatu
A series of aftershocks, including one measuring 6.2 on the Richter scale, has
struck off the coast of South Pacific island nation of Vanuatu on Sunday
following the 7.3 magnitude earthquake earlier in the day.
Urgent: 12 killed, dozen injured in traffic pile-up in Pakistan
At least 12 people were killed and a dozen of others injured when vehicles
running on the motorway from Peshawar to Islamabad, capital of Pakistan,
collided with each other due to dense fog on Monday morning, reported local Urdu
TV channel ARY, adding more casualties were feared.
Afghan president condemns terrorist attack in Pakistan
Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai has strongly condemned the terrorist attack
that left over a dozen dead and injured in Pakistani district of Bajawar on
Saturday, a statement released by his office said on Sunday.
Afghan militancy, conflicts claim 93 lives in past week: Official
Continued Taliban-led militancy and conflicts in Afghanistan have claimed 93
people's lives including 61 Taliban insurgents, 11 civilians and 21 personnel of
Afghan police over the past one week, spokesman of Interior Ministry Zamarai
Bashari said here on Sunday.
Steps underway to rescue kidnapped Bangladeshis in Afghanistan:
FM
Bangladeshi Foreign Minister Dipu Moni said on Sunday that steps are underway to
rescue five Bangladeshi construction workers who were kidnapped by Afghan
miscreants in northern Afghanistan at the mid of this month.
Urgent: 4 Turkish engineers kidnapped in east Afghanistan
Unknown armed men kidnapped four Turkish engineers in eastern Paktia province on
Sunday, an official said.
1st LD Writethru: 4 Turkish engineers kidnapped in east
Afghanistan
Unknown armed men kidnapped four Turkish engineers in eastern Paktia province on
Sunday, an official said.
South Korea to conduct marine gunnery exercises this week
South Korean military will continue its marine gunnery exercises in 23 sites
around the country in the last week of this year.
4 killed, 20 injured in road accident in Bangladesh
Four people were killed and 20 others injured in a head-on collision between a
bus and a truck at Bangladesh's sadar sub-district of Bogra district, 197 km
northwest of capital Dhaka, Sunday morning.
Two more FMD outbreaks reported in South Korea
South Korea on Sunday reported two more foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) outbreaks
as the high contagious appears to be spreading faster in the country.
Australians' confidence about living standards drop to lowest
since 2008: survey
Australians' confidence about employment and the cost of living has sunk to its
lowest point since the end of 2008, a latest survey showed on Sunday.
Leftist rebels kill 300 gov't troops in S. Philippines in 2010
The leftist New People's Army in southern Philippines said on Sunday the group's
armed wing has continued to gain an upper hand in the war against government
forces in the region.
Ferry accident kills three in Malaysia
Three people have died while two were missing on Sunday when a ferry carrying 29
passengers capsized off Mersing in Malaysia's Southern state of Johor.
Sri Lanka warns spread of AH1N1
Sri Lanka's health authorities said Sunday that immediate orders have been
placed in order to prevent the spread of AH1N1 virus commonly known as Swine
flu.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 26
Thirty-four people were killed when their mini- truck overturned and was hit by
a bus in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh on Saturday night, reported
the Indo-Asian News Service Sunday.
Pakistan Taliban claim responsibility for attack on WFP
distribution point
Pakistan Taliban on Sunday claimed responsibility for Saturday's suicide attack
at a World Food Program (WFP) food distribution point in the tribal region of
Bajaur in northwest Pakistan, which killed 47 people and injured 70 others.
Nigerian military chief sees Jos bombing as act of terrorism
Nigeria's Chief of Army Staff Lt.- Gen. Azubuike Ihejirika has said the
Christmas Eve's multiple explosions in central north Plateau State is an act of
terrorism.
Urgent: At least one killed in new clashes in central Nigeria:
media report
New religious clashes broke out on Sunday in central Nigerian city of Jos,
killing at least one person, media report quoted local police as saying.
1st LD: At least one killed in new clashes in central Nigeria:
media report
New religious clashes broke out on Sunday in central Nigerian city of Jos,
killing at least one person and burning down a number of houses,  media report
quoted local police as saying.
2nd LD: At least one killed in new clashes in central Nigeria:
media report
New religious clashes broke out on Sunday in central Nigerian city of Jos,
killing at least one person and burning down a number of houses,  media report
quoted local police as saying.
Urgent: Cote d'Ivoire's Ouattara calls on citizens to go on
strike: report
The party of Cote d'Ivoire's Alassane Ouattara called on citizens to go on
strike till Laurent Gbagbo's stepping down, media reports said Sunday.
1st LD: Cote d'Ivoire's Ouattara calls on citizens to go on
strike: report
The party of Cote d'Ivoire's Alassane Ouattara called on citizens to go on
strike till Laurent Gbagbo's stepping down, media reports said Sunday.
Georgians not to see snow before New Year: forecast
Georgia's chief weather forecaster on Sunday disappointed the country's snow
sport lovers with a prediction that the South Caucasus country would meet the
New Year without snow.
Goias extend contract for veteran fullback Marcao
The Goias soccer team of Brazil announced on Sunday the renewal of fullback
Marcao's contract for the 2011 season.
Russian Proton-M rocket to deliver European satellite
Russia's Proton-M carrier rocket will deliver a European KA-SAT
telecommunications satellite early Monday from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in
Kazakhstan, said Russian Space Agency (Roscosmos) Sunday.
Manchester United tops Premier League
Dimitar Berbatov's double gave Manchester United a 2-0 win over Sunderland at
Old Trafford, leading the English Premier League by two points on Sunday.
Over 100 flights canceled in Chicago due to snow
Over 100 flights have been called off at O'Hare International Airport because of
lake effect snow and difficulties deicing planes, the Chicago Department of
Aviation (CDA) said Saturday.
Gremio expect contract with Ronaldinho for 4 years
The president of Brazil's soccer club Gremio, Paulo Odone, announced on Sunday
that the soccer club is well on its way to signing star midfielder Ronaldo
Gaucho.
Enio Vecchi named Brazilian women's basketball coach
The Brazilian Confederation of Basketball (CBB) named Enio Vecchi as the new
head coach of the women's national team on Sunday.
"Little Fockers" beats "True Grit" to be No.1 at box office
Universal Studio's comedy " Little Fockers" has notched a win over the Academy
Award favorite "True Grit" over the Christmas weekend, taking in 34 million
dollars in ticket stub sales in North America box office, although it failed to
beat the opening record set by the original "Fockers" movie about six years ago.
Winter storm leads to flight cancellations at NYC-area airports
New York City airports canceled more than 1,000 flights on Sunday as a snow
blizzard made its way through the east coast.
Obama wishes Saudi king full recovery
U.S. President Barack Obama on Sunday called King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia,
wishing him a full recovery from the illness, said the White House.
Man. United stride to lead after win over Sunderland
Manchester United kept their leading position in the Premier League after taking
a 2-0 victory over Sunderland on Sunday thanks to Dimitar Berbatov's two goals.
UN chief appalled by deadly violence in Nigeria
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Sunday condemned the deadly violence that
broke out in parts of Nigeria in recent days and reportedly killed at least 30
people and injured more than 70 others.
Xinhua world news summary at 0000 GMT, Dec. 27
The party of Cote d'Ivoire's Alassane Ouattara called on citizens to go on
strike till Laurent Gbagbo's stepping down, media reports said Sunday.
Yearender: UN urges redoubled anti-poverty efforts as deadline
approaches
by Xinhua writer Bai Jie
Roundup: China-EU economic ties boosted in 2010, great potential
ahead
by Liu Xiaoyan
Urgent: NYC's JFK airport closed due to blizzard
New York City's major airport JFK was closed due to severe snow storm, the Port
Authority of New York and New Jersey announced Sunday evening.
Cuban scientists use nanotechnology to fight cancer
Cuban scientists are designing treatment plans and medicines by using
nanotechnology to fight cancer, an official said Sunday.
Snow storm hits northeast U.S.
New England was engulfed by the season's first winter storm that descended on
northeast United States on Sunday and is poised to move south.
NYC's JFK airport closed due to blizzard
New York City's JFK Airport was shut down after a severe snow storm caused
disruptions in flight activity, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey
announced Sunday evening.
Bolivia delivers humanitarian aid to Venezuelan flood victims
Bolivian President Evo Morales on Sunday traveled to Venezuela with humanitarian
aid to families affected by heavy rains.
Urgent: DPRK media says restraint over S.Korea's provocation
"limited"
Rodong Sinmun, a leading newspaper of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(DPRK), said on Monday that Pyongyang's restraint over South Korea's military
provocation is limited and warned of "punishment" should Seoul's provocation
continue.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 26
Armed men have stolen the Philippine Social Security System's (SSS) checks worth
1.4 million pesos (31,700 U.S. dollars), the agency said Sunday.
Venezuelan president to attend inauguration of Brazil's Rousseff
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has confirmed his attendance at the
inauguration ceremony of Brazilian president-elect Dilma Rousseff, on Jan. 1,
local TV reported on Sunday.
Freezing rain affects traffic in Moscow
Railways and one international airport in Moscow region were affected by the
power outage caused by freezing rain Sunday, local media reported.
Colombia military says FARC rebels not defeated yet
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebel group has been weakened
but not defeated yet, a top military official said.
Britain may punish airports for service failure
The British government planned to push through new laws that will allow airports
to be fined for disrupting passengers' travel, The Sunday Times reported.
1st LD: DPRK media says restraint over S. Korea's provocation
"limited," warns of  "punishment"
A major newspaper of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) said on
Monday that DPRK's restraint over the S. Korea's military provocation is
"limited" and warned of "punishment" should Seoul's provocation continue.
Eight militants killed in Russia's Dagestan
Eight militants were killed in a special operation in Makhachkala, Russia's
Dagestan republic, on Sunday, a local law enforcement source said.
Venezuelan opposition party mourns late ex-president
Venezuela's opposition Democratic Action party will hold a series of events to
pay homage to the country's former president and party member Carlos Andres
Perez who died on Saturday.
Urgent: 5 Chinese killed in oil refinery blast in Zabaikalsky in
Russia: Itar-Tass
Five Chinese were killed early Monday in an oil refinery blast in Zabaikalsky
Kray in eastern Russia, Itar-Tass news agency reported.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 26
Eight militants were killed in a special operation in Makhachkala, Russia's
Dagestan republic, on Sunday, a local law enforcement source said.
Chinese state councilor visits Antarctica to inspire polar
research
China attaches great importance to polar research and will continue cooperating
with other parties to conduct peaceful polar explorations, Chinese State
Councilor Liu Yandong has said on this Antarctic island.
Reported cholera cases in Dominican Republic rise to 105
The number of people affected by cholera in Dominican Republic has reached 105,
following the detection of 70 cases on Dec. 21, officials said on Sunday.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0445 GMT, Dec. 27
Ethiopia has secured over 90 million U.S. dollars from export of live animals
and meat during the past five months, the Ethiopian Meat and Dairy Technology
Institute (EMDTI) with the Ministry of Agriculture said on Sunday.
Brazil wins International Challenge of Beach Soccer
At Praia da Enseada, Sao Paulo, the Brazilian national beach soccer team
defeated the All- World team 6-2 in the International Challenge of Beach Soccer
on Sunday.
Mourinho denies national team duty
Real Madrid head coach Jose Mourinho said on Sunday that he will not become a
national team manager after being refused permission to take temporary charge of
his native Portugal in the autumn.
Ma Lin voted Player of the Year by Table Tennis World
Chinese table tennis star Ma Lin was voted as the World Table Tennis Player of
the Year by Table Tennis World Magazine on Monday.
Yinchuan to hold dragon boat race on ice
The city of Yinchuan in northwest China's Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region is going
to hold a special ice dragon boat race on Jan. 15.
Yearender: Nigerian women's soccer teams shines in 2010
The Nigerian Football Federation (NFF) has said the country's national women's
teams fared better than their men's counterparts in the outgoing year.
Former Nigeria coach says Super Eagles lacks football pattern
Former Nigeria's Super Eagles coach Adegboye Onigbinde has said the national
soccer team lacked a defined pattern of play with which to identify the
country's soccer.
Lemaitre named French Sportsman of the Year
Sprinter Christophe Lemaitre has been named French Sportsman of the Year by
L'Equipe newspaper, reports said here on Sunday.
Japan's Kameda beats Munoz to win WBA bantamweight title
Koki Kameda won a unanimous decision over Alexander Munoz of Venezuela to claim
the vacant WBA bantamweight title in a world championship doubleheader in
Saitama on Sunday, the Kyodo news agency said.
Australian cricket team faces uncertain future after opening of
fourth Ashes Test
Australia's hopes of reclaiming the Ashes Test appear remote, after crumbling
for 98 in the opening on the fourth Ashes Test against England at the Melbourne
Cricket Ground (MCG) on Sunday.
Dongguan steal 115-112 win at Guangsha
Dongguan Marco Polo barely walked away with the sixth straight win of the new
season, beating Zhejiang Guangsha 115-112 Sunday on the road at the Chinese
Basketball Association league (CBA).
Gremio confident in Ronaldinho Gaucho's return
The spokesperson at Gremio's soccer team Cesar Cidade Dias announced on Sunday
his belief the team has beaten out all the competition regarding the acquisition
of star midfielder Ronaldinho Gaucho.
After fourth child, Ronaldo performes vasectomy
Star soccer player Ronaldo revealed on Sunday his recent vasectomy. The decision
by the athlete comes after recognition of five-year-old Alexandre as his fourth
child.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 26
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 26:
Chinese mark 117th anniversary of Chairman Mao's birth
People across China marked the 117th anniversary of the birth of late leader Mao
Zedong on Sunday with various activities in his hometown in central Hunan
Province as well as in other parts of the nation.
Chinese shares open higher Monday
Chinese shares opened higher Monday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
up 0.27 percent to 2,842.81 at the opening.
China's yuan strengthens to 6.6305 per USD Monday
The value of yuan gained as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6305 per U.S. dollar Monday, compared with Friday's
6.6371, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
ChiNext Index opens slightly higher Monday
ChiNext Index was up 1.2 points to open at 1,145.7 points Monday.
China stock index futures open mixed Monday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Monday. The contract for settlement in
January 2011, the most actively traded, opened 14 points higher at 3,211.
At least 5 die in 100-vehicle pileup on SW China expressway
At least five people were killed Monday in a traffic accident involving more
than 100 vehicles on an expressway in southwest China's Guizhou Province, local
authorities said.
Chinese leaders attend conference to honor Shanghai World Expo
institutions, individuals
Chinese President Hu Jintao and other senior leaders Monday attended a national
conference to honor model institutions and individuals that contributed to the
successful hosting of the Shanghai World Expo.
China to offer overseas tourists tax refund for purchases in
Hainan
Overseas tourists can claim, starting next year, tax refunds at 11 percent of
their purchases in pilot shops in southern Hainan Province when leaving China
there, a local official said Monday.
1st Ld-Writethru: 7 die, 15 injured in 100-vehicle pile-up on SW
China expressway
Seven people were killed and 15 others injured when over 100 vehicles crashed
into the back of each other on an expressway in southwest China's Guizhou
Province Monday morning, local authorities said.
Trade up between S. China's Guangxi and ASEAN
Trade increased rapidly between China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and
ASEAN member states over the past 11 months, the local customs house reported
Sunday.
4th Ld: Chinese Premier chats with locals on radio, reaching the
country's remote  regions
Cerinchungcuo, a Tibetan teacher from northwest China's Qinghai Province, called
in and talked on radio to
Chinese gov't confident of keeping inflation in check: Premier
Wen
With a series of measures being adopted to curb price spikes, the Chinese
government is confident of keeping prices at a reasonable level, Premier Wen
Jiabao said Sunday morning.
China to promote auto imports in next five years: official
China will actively promote auto imports over the next five years to help the
country restructure and upgrade its auto industry, a Chinese official from the
Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Sunday.
1st Ld Writethru: Chinese gov't confident of keeping inflation in
check: Premier  Wen
With a series of measures being adopted to curb price spikes, the Chinese
government is confident of keeping prices at a reasonable level, Premier Wen
Jiabao said Sunday morning.
SW China's Yunnan earmarks 3 billion yuan for coffee growing
Yunnan Province in southwest China plans to invest 3 billion yuan (about 454.5
million U.S. dollars) in boosting its coffee industry in the coming decade, a
trade association head said Sunday.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 26
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 26:
5th Ld-Writethru-China Focus: Chinese premier chats with locals
on radio, reaching  remote regions
Cerinchungcuo, a Tibetan teacher from northwest China's Qinghai Province, called
in and talked on radio to Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao -- expressing his worries
about the soaring price of coal.
Ruins of jade, stone object processing workshop discovered in
east China
Chinese archeological workers have discovered ruins of an ancient workshop that
combines processing of jade and stone objects in east China's Zhejiang Province.
China stresses efforts to stabilize prices as New Year approaches
With the New Year and China's Spring Festival approaching, China will improve
efforts to stabilize prices and ensure abundant supply of essential commodities,
according to an official circular issued Sunday.
China completes world's largest foaming agent factory
China has completed construction of a factory capable of producing 100,000
tonnes of foaming agent annually in Qaidam Basin of Qinghai Province.
Central SOEs sign contracts worth 293 bln yuan with Guizhou
Representatives for a number of centrally-administered state-owned enterprises
(SOEs) signed 47 contracts worth 292.9 billion yuan (about 44.38 billion U.S.
dollars) with authorities of southwest China's Guizhou Province Sunday.
Morocco dismantles six-strong terror cell
A terror cell of six Moroccans who were planning to launch attacks inside and
outside the North African country has been dismantled, the Interior Ministry
said Monday.
Iran calls for "good" relations with Russia
Iran's interim Foreign Minister Ali- Akbar Salehi said here on Sunday that
Tehran and Moscow could have good relations in diverse areas.
Iran foresees crude price at 100 USD per barrel
Iran's OPEC Governor Mohammad Ali Khatibi said that the crude price may reach
100 U.S. dollars per barrel, the local satellite Press TV reported on Monday.
Four Turkish engineers kidnapped in Afghanistan: official
Turkish Foreign Ministry confirmed on late Sunday that four Turkish engineers
have been kidnapped in Afghanistan, the semi-official Anatolia news agency
reported on Monday.
Urgent: 6 killed in twin suicide bombings in western Iraq
At least 6 were killed and 18 wounded in a twin suicide bomb attack in the city
of Ramadi, the capital of Anbar province on Monday, a provincial police source
said.
1st LD: At least 6 killed in twin suicide bombing in western Iraq
At least six people were killed and 18 wounded in a twin suicide bomb attack in
the city of Ramadi, the capital of Iraq's western Anbar province on Monday, a
provincial police source said.
2nd LD: 9 killed, 40 wounded in twin suicide bombing in western
Iraq
Nine people were killed and some 40 others were wounded in twin suicide bomb
attacks outside government buildings in the city of Ramadi, the capital of
Iraq's western Anbar province on Monday, a provincial police source said.
Fatah urges Hamas to reconcile, avoid Gaza another Israeli war
A senior Fatah official on Monday urged Islamic Hamas movement to speed up its
reconciliation efforts with Fatah in order to prevent Gaza from another Israeli
offensive.
Feature: Palestinians still await reconstructing homes as Gaza
war marks 2nd anniversary
by Osama Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
AMMAN, Dec. 27 (Xinhua) - The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market
closed at 2,367 points on Monday, 17 points lower from Sunday's finish.
Some 7,000 Palestinians immigrate annually: report
Some 7,000 Palestinians immigrate each year, most of them youths, Palestinian
Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS) said in a report on Monday.
News Analysis: Referendum may draw new political map of Sudan
by Fayez el-Zaki Hassan
Turkish security forces seize 203.2 kg of hashish
The Turkish security forces confiscated 203.2 kg of hashish in operations in
east and southeast Turkey on Monday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency
reported.
Israel doctors in China to help fight child abuse
A delegation of Israeli pediatric experts are visiting China this week, to train
local colleagues in recognizing and treating child abuse and neglect.
Iranian official says Geneva talks constructive
Iranian National Security Deputy Advisor Ali Baqiri said here on Monday the
latest round of talks between Iran and the five UN Security Council permanent
members plus Germany (G5+1) in Geneva was constructive.
Turkish contractors aim to undertake 30 bln USD of international
projects
Turkey's contracting industry aims to undertake 30 billion U.S. dollars of
international projects in 2011, local media reported Monday.
News Analysis: Israel silent as more countries recognize
independent Palestinian state
by Adam Gonn
Roundup: Israel mulls stopping wave of Palestinian statehood
recognition
by Gur Salomon
Kuwait bourse only day gainer in Gulf Arab region
All Gulf Arab markets, with the exception of the bourse in Kuwait, closed
slightly lower on Monday.
Hamas: Talks among Palestinians on forming joint gov't in Gaza
continuous
Damascus-based Hamas official Izzat al-Rishq said Monday that talks between his
movement and other Palestinian factions on forming a joint government in the
Gaza Strip are continuous, Hamas' official news website reported.
Roundup: Gazans mark two years after Israeli Cast Lead Operation
by Osama Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Roundup: 16 people killed, 55 wounded in Iraq's violence
by Jamal Hashim
Yearender: Looming Hariri tribunal indictment paralyzes Lebanon
during 2010
by Mirella Hodeib
Iran calls for further cooperation with Somali: president
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday called for further cooperation
with Somali, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Iran, G5+1 likely to meet in Istanbul late January: report
Iran and six major powers are likely to meet in Istanbul late January for
nuclear talks, the semi- official ISNA news agency reported on Monday.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes down
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,069.28 points on
Monday, down 2.15 points from Sunday's close. The turnover was 1.07 billion
shekels (about 299 million U.S. dollars).
German detainees meet families in Iran: report
Ahead of New Year's Eve and upon the request of the German foreign minister, two
German nationals arrested in Iran met their families in Iran, the local
satellite Press TV reported on Monday.
Iran calls for forming commission over water issue with
Afghanistan, Tajikistan
Iranian Energy Minister Majid Namjou called for the formation of a tripartite
commission among Iran, Afghanistan and Tajikistan over water issues, the semi-
official ISNA news agency reported on Monday.
A/H1N1 flu kills 56 in Egypt since October
As many as 1,172 people have been infected with the A/H1N1 virus, known as swine
flu, in Egypt since early October and 56 has been killed, spokesman of Egyptian
Ministry of Health Abdel-Rahman Shahin announced on Monday.
Six Palestinian protestors wounded in clashes with Israeli troops
Six Palestinian demonstrators were injured Monday evening during clashes with
Israeli soldiers near the West Bank city of Ramallah, medics and witnesses said.
Jordan's unemployment down in fourth quarter of 2010
Unemployment in Jordan dropped to 11. 9 percent in the fourth quarter of 2010
from 13.5 percent in the previous quarter, according to a report by the
Department of Statistics (DoS).
Death toll of A/H1N1 flu in Jordan reaches four
Jordan's health authorities on Monday announced that the total number of
influenza A/H1N1 fatalities in the country rose to four.
Yemen, US discuss cooperation on airport security
Yemen and the United States on Monday discussed cooperation on the anti-terror
security measures in Yemeni airports, seeking to lift a U.S. ban on Yemen's
cargo flights imposed after the detection of parcel bombs in October, the
official Saba news agency reported.
Turkish FM to hold talks with Iraqi officials
The Turkish foreign minister will visit Iraq in January and hold talks with the
new Iraqi cabinet, Turkish sources said Monday.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 27
Up to 16 people were killed and 55 were wounded in separate attacks across Iraq,
including a twin suicide bombing in western the country on Monday, the police
said.
Dollar at upper 82 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 82 yen level early Tuesday in Tokyo.
Japan's jobless rate flat at 5.1 pct in November
Japan's unemployment rate remained unchanged in November at a seasonally
adjusted 5.1 percent, according to data released by the Internal Affairs and
Communications Ministry Tuesday.
Japan's consumer prices fall 0.5 pct on year in November
Japan's core consumer price index fell 0.5 percent from a year earlier in
November, according to data released by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and
Communications on Tuesday.
Nikkei opens 0.31 pct lower
Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday with the key Nikkei index down 0.31 percent.
Japan's industrial output rises 1 pct in November
Japan's industrial production in November grew a seasonally adjusted 1.0 percent
from the previous month, marking the first rise in six months, the Ministry of
Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said in a preliminary report on Tuesday.
Roundup: Heavy rain, strong winds hit New Zealand
Motorists are being warned to drive to the conditions as heavy rain and strong
winds lashed New Zealand on Tuesday, bringing down trees and powerlines.
S. Korea's foot-and-mouth disease spreads across five provinces
South Korea on Tuesday confirmed an additional case of foot-and-mouth disease in
North Chungcheong Province, raising the total number of provinces hit by the
disease to five.
Indonesia optimistic about UNSC permanent seat
Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa said that as the world's largest
Muslim-majority nation, Indonesia should get a permanent seat at the reformed UN
Security Council (UNSC), local media reported here on Tuesday.
Indonesia to impose progressive tax on car ownership in Jakarta
Indonesia's capital city of Jakarta is preparing to impose a progressive tax on
vehicle ownership in a bid to boost revenue, highly expected to partly resolve
the city's severe traffic problems, local media reported here on Tuesday.
1st LD Writethru: 12 killed, dozens injured in traffic accident
in Pakistan
At least 12 people were killed and dozens of others injured in two fog-related
traffic accidents on Monday morning in northern Pakistan, according to local
media reports.
Singapore to safeguard small investors for competing against big
traders
The Singapore Exchange (SGX) will be implementing a series of safeguards to
protect snail-paced retail investors from being run over by high speed traders,
who buy and sell stocks at lightning speeds, local media reported Monday.
Dollar dips to upper 82 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar dipped to the upper 82 yen level Tuesday morning in Tokyo.
Philippine govt hopes peace talks with Moro rebels to push
through in January
The Philippine government remains optimistic that peace negotiation with the
rebel Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) will push through in January as
politically negotiated settlement is needed as soon as possible.
Urgent: 4 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
At least four people were killed in a U.S. drone strike launched Monday morning
in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported local Urdu TV
channel Geo, adding that four missiles were fired in the area.
1st LD Writethru: 4 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
At least four people were killed in a U.S. drone strike launched Monday morning
in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported local Urdu TV
channel Geo.
Traditional Chinese medicine herbs prices surge in Singapore
The prices of most herbs used in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) rose by 30
percent this year in Singapore.
Roundup: Pakistanis urge to bring Bhutto's murderers to justice
By Jamil Bhatti, Yangtze Yan
S. Korea grants Indonesia 600 mln USD loan
South Korea agreed to provide 600 million U.S. dollars  loan to Indonesia during
2010-2013 under a framework agreement signed on Monday.
2nd LD Writethru: 4 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
At least four people were killed in a U.S. drone strike launched Monday morning
in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported local Urdu TV
channel Geo.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,056.47 points Tuesday, 27.54 points
higher from previous close of 20,028.93 points on strong buying.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 27
The disapproval rate for Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan's Cabinet rose to an
all-time high in the latest polls, local media reported on Monday.
S. Korea confirms more FMD outbreaks
South Korea confirmed Monday three more outbreaks of foot-and-mouth disease
(FMD), as the country struggles to rein in the rapid spread of the highly
contagious disease affecting cloven-hoofed animals.
Chinese Navy fleet visits Indonesia
JAKARTA, Dec. 27 (Xinhua)  Three Chinese Navy ships arrived on Monday in
Indonesia's seaport of Tanjung Priok, carrying out friendship mission with
several programs aimed at improving relations between the two countries.
Urgent: 2 NATO helicopters violate Pakistan's air space
Two NATO helicopter gunships violated Pakistan's air space in its northwest
border area Monday morning, reported local English TV channel Express.
S. Korean companies optimistic to address investment obstacles in
Indonesia: ambassador
South Korean companies are optimistic to address investment obstacles in
Indonesia such as in areas of infrastructure and law, an ambassador said here on
Monday.
2 children burnt to death in northern India
Two children were charred to death and more than half a dozen huts were gutted
when a fire broke out in a village in Musafirkhana area of the northern Indian
state of Uttar Pradesh Sunday night, reported the Press Trust of India on
Monday.
1st LD Writethru: 2 NATO helicopters violate Pakistan's air space
Two NATO helicopter gunships violated Pakistan's air space in its northwest
border area Monday morning, reported local English TV channel Express.
Fog disrupts air, rail services in Indian capital
A thick layer of dense fog blanketed the Indian capital for the second day in a
row on Monday, severely disrupting air and rail services to and from the city,
transport officials said.
S. Korean shares end down on China's rate hike
Seoul shares closed lower Monday on weak investor sentiment following China's
recent interest rate hike, local analysts said.
Japanese automobile production falls 6.7 pct on year in Nov.
Japan's automobile production dropped 6.7 percent in November from a year
earlier, marking the second straight month of decline, the Japan Automobile
Manufacturers Association (JAMA) said in a report on Monday.
Urgent: Explosion rocks Kandahar in S. Afghanistan
A powerful blast rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan on
Monday.
1st LD: Explosion rocks kandahar in S. Afghanistan
A powerful blast rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan on
Monday, a witness said.
Thai court asked to revoke "red-shirt" core leader's bail
Thailand's Department of Special Investigation (DSI) on Monday resubmitted a
petition, asking the Criminal Court to withdraw the bail granted earlier for the
anti- government United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship (UDD) leader
Jatuporn Prompan.
2nd LD: Explosion rocks Kandahar in S. Afghanistan
A powerful blast rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan on
Monday.
Bangladesh's trade deficit grows
Bangladesh's trade deficit in the first four months of the current 2010-11
fiscal year ending in June next year ballooned nearly 21.82 percent year-on-year
to 1. 876 billion U.S. dollars, official statistics showed Monday.
3rd LD Writethru: At least 1 killed, 20 injured in car bomb
explosion in Kandahar, S. Afghanistan
A powerful car bomb attack rocked Taliban birthplace Kandahar in south
Afghanistan on Monday killing at least one person dead and injuring 20 others
including 14 policemen, provincial police chief Khan Mohammad Mujahid said.  "It
was a remote-controlled car bomb attack targeted a group of policemen who were
receiving their salaries from Kabul Bank branch in Kandahar city as a result one
policeman was martyred and 20 others including 14 policemen and six innocent
civilians were injured," Mujahid told Xinhua.
Over 100,000 people hit by floods in eastern Sri Lanka
Over 100,000 people or 56,000 families were affected by floods in east Sri
Lanka, relief officials said on Monday.
Thai PM denies reports of parliament dissolution
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Monday denied reports that he had
decided to dissolve the House of Representatives in April and call a fresh
election, a local website Bangkok Post reported.
Indian defense secretary visits Sri Lanka
Indian Defense Secretary Pradeep Kumar arrived here Monday on a two-day visit,
officials said.
Dollar edges lower in upper 82 yen range
The U.S. dollar edged lower in the upper 82 yen level in thin Monday trading in
Tokyo.
Afghan, NATO forces carry out 1,784 operations in three months:
NATO
Afghan and NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) have carried
out over 1,780 operations against anti-government militants over the past three
months in Afghanistan, an ISAF spokesman said on Monday.
Malaysia tin market closes lower
The local tin market closed lower here on Monday, and the trading volume dropped
compared with last Friday.
Cambodia's legislature passes ASEAN transport service agreements
The Cambodian National Assembly on Monday unanimously adopted the draft law of
the ASEAN multilateral agreement on the full liberalization of air freight
services and the ASEAN multilateral agreement on the full liberalization of
passenger air services.
Thai central bank to set up office in Beijing
Bank of Thailand, the country's central bank, plans to set up a representative
office in Beijing in the first half of next year.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 27
Two NATO helicopter gunships violated Pakistan's air space in its northwest
border area Monday morning, reported local English TV channel Express.
Singapore shares end 0.49 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 15.56 points or 0.49 percent on Monday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,159.36 points.
Vietnam's rubber export value almost doubles in 2010
Vietnam is expected to pocket 2.32 billion U.S. dollars from export of rubber
this year, an remarkable increase of 89 percent year-on-year, said a report of
the Vietnam's Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on Monday.
Pakistani PM embarks on Oman visit
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani Monday left here for Muscat on a
two-day official visit to Oman.
Japan urges Thai gov't to investigate photographer's death
A senior Japanese embassy official Monday urged the Thai government to speed up
investigation into the death of a Japanese photographer killed during dispersal
of " red-shirt" protesters.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. drone strikes kill 18 in NW Pakistan
At least 18 people have been killed in two U.S. drone strikes launched Monday in
Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported local media.
Indian stocks close down 0.22 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex lost 44.22 points or 0.22 percent Monday due
to decreasing optimism.
2nd LD Writethru: 21 killed in U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan
At least 21 people have been killed in two U.S. drone strikes launched Monday in
Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported local media.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 27
South Korean shares ended lower Monday.
4th LD Writethru: Death toll in Kandahar blast reaches 2, Taliban
claim responsibility
The number of those killed in a car bomb blast in Kandahar of southern
Afghanistan on Monday has soared to two and injured to 26, a statement released
by Kandahar provincial administration said.
Indian PM offers to testify before parliamentary panel on telecom
scam
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Monday in writing offered to appear before
the Parliament's Public Accounts Committee to answer questions about the multi-
billion telecom scam, highly placed sources said.
Southern Indian state Karnataka intensifies security over terror
alert
The southern Indian state of Karnataka Monday beefed up security, mainly in the
coastal zone, following a terror alert by intelligences agencies, the state's
chief minister said.
Afghan police seize 41 tons of hashish
Afghan police seized 41 tons of hashish in eastern Paktia province on Sunday,
Interior Ministry spokesman Zamarai Bashari said Monday.
Roundup: Nikkei rise 0.75 pct on optimistic sentiment
In the thin holiday trade Tokyo stocks rose Monday, with the key Nikkei stock
index adding 0.75 percent as confidence in global economic growth underpinned
investor's optimistic sentiment and offset concern about China's second interest
rate hike in as many months.
64,000 people infected with HIV in Nepal
It is estimated that 64,000 people are infected with HIV in Nepal and 16,637
among them are living with HIV/AIDS.
Singapore Exchange to expand membership to foreign brokers
Foreign brokers operating abroad will be taken under the fold of the Singapore
Exchange (SGX), when it expands membership on the securities market.
Indonesia sees more capital inflows park at FDI next year
Indonesian Coordinating Minister for Economy Hatta Rajasa said on Monday that
the government forecast more capital inflows would enter at foreign direct
investment (FDI) rather than portfolio, as the government policies to channel
the huge fund inflows to park longer in the country take effect.
Roundup: KSE hits season's top on oil, world stocks
by Jawad Hussain
Afghan forces kill 6 Taliban militants
Afghan forces backed by NATO-led troops killed six Taliban militants in Ghazni
province 149 km south of capital city Kabul on Monday, provincial police chief
Zarawar Zahid said.
Vietnam to see average growth of 3.5 to 3.8 pct in agriculture
sector in coming five years
Vietnamese Deputy Prime Minister Nguyen Sinh Hung said here Monday that Vietnam
is striving to see agriculture sector grow at an average of 3.5 to 3.8 percent
each year in the 2011-2015 period.
Indonesian minister says soaring oil price not to disturb economy
Rising global oil prices which may exceed 100 U.S. dollars a barrel would not
disturb Indonesia's economy next year, as the country plans to pump more oil to
reduce reliance on imports, Coordinating Minister for Economy Hatta said here on
Monday.
25 killed in U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan
At least 25 people were killed in three U.S. drone strikes launched on Monday in
Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported local media.
Sri Lanka to develop domestic airports to cater post-war tourism
The Sri Lankan government planned to develop six domestic airports with
commercial aspects to meet requirements of post-war tourism industry, a minister
said Monday.
Abu Sayyaf group suspected behind Christmas chapel blast in S.
Philippines
Philippine security forces said Monday that the Abu Sayyaf group had planned to
bomb a chapel inside the a police camp in Jolo town, Sulu province, bolstering
speculations that the group is indeed behind the Dec. 25 bombing of the
religious structure.
Sulu chapel blast on Christmas may be part of new terror
campaign: Philippine president
Philippine President Benigno Aquino III said Monday that initial intelligence
reports suggest that the bomb blast inside a chapel in Sulu on Christmas may be
part of a  "new terror campaign."
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 27
At least 18 people have been killed in two U.S. drone strikes launched Monday in
Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported local media.
Roundup" World leaders condemns violence in Nigeria
World leaders and government officials have condemned the deadly violence that
broke out in parts of Nigeria in recent days and reportedly killed at least 30
people and injured more than 70 others.
EAC to set up protocol on security to fight global terrorism
The East African Community (EAC) bloc made up by Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda,
Tanzania and Uganda is to set up a protocol on security to fight global
terrorists including Somalia's al Shabaab insurgents, the Chairperson of the EAC
Council of Ministers told a press conference on Monday.
Major cabinet reshuffle expected in Ghana before year end
Ghanaian President John Evans Atta Mills would announced a major reshuffle of
his cabinet before the end of the year, a reliable source told Xinhua on Monday.
Death toll of bomb blasts reaches 80 in Nigeria's Jos
The death toll from the Christmas Eve bomb blasts in central north Plateau State
had risen to 80, the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) said Monday.
AU calls for immediate peaceful solution to Ivoirian crisis
The African Union Commission Chairperson Jean Ping on Monday expressed his
support to the mission that will be undertaken in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire by
three eminent heads of state designated by the ECOWAS.
Georgia reports 440 new cases of HIV/AIDS for 2010
The Georgian center for infectious pathologies, AIDS and clinical immunology has
reported 440 new cases of HIV/AIDS for the South Caucasus country for the year
2010.
No snow for New Year holidays in Azerbaijan: forecast
Unusually warm weather is forecast to last till the end of this year and no snow
is expected until after the New Year's day, Azerbaijan's hydrometeorlogical
agency reported on Monday.
Russian stocks close lower
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Monday with both key indexes lower.
Blizzard wrecks havoc in Northeast U.S.
A snow storm that swept through Northeast United States on Monday wrecked havoc
for commuters and travelers, as the blizzard left airports closed, rail and
highway travel in disarray.
U.S. stocks slip after China's rate hike
U.S. stocks slipped on Monday following an interest rate hike by China's central
bank over the weekend, but volumes were light due to holidays in the final week
of 2010.
Iran confirms Qatar's consent to be part of 2022 World Cup
Iranian Vice President, Ali Saidlou, said on Monday that Iran has received the
"relative agreement" of Qatari emir to hold some 2022 World Cup soccer matches
in Iran, the official IRNA news agency reported.
U.S. concerned over Russia's convictions of former business
tycoons
The United States on Monday expressed concerns over Russia's convictions of its
two former business tycoons, namely Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Platon Lebedev.
Wozniacki dominates Danish sports performance vote
Danish newspaper Politiken has recently organized a vote on its website: Who
gave the best sports performance?
Schweinsteiger wins top award of German soccer
Bayern Munich midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger was named German footballer of
the year by sporting magazine Kicker on Monday.
Holiday travelers stranded at Los Angeles airport due to East
Coast blizzard
Hundreds of passengers were stranded at the Los Angeles International Airport
(LAX) and other airports in Southern California on Monday due to inclement
weather on the East Coast, authorities said.
Amazon says new Kindle its best seller
Amazon.com Inc. said on Monday that its latest third-generation e-book reader
Kindle had become the bestselling product in the online retail giant's history.
Brazil's Santos purchases Jonathan from Cruzeiro
The Cruzeiro soccer team announced on Monday the decision to sell midfielder
Jonathan to Santos.
Fluminense's Conca undergoes knee surgery
Dario Conca, Fluminense's star midfielder and native of Argentina, successfully
underwent arthroscopic surgery on his left knee on Monday.
Roundup: Winter storm paralyzes New York traffic
Transportation in the New York metropolitan region was troubled on Monday as the
deep-piled snow blanked the city and gusting winds kicked up formidable
snowdrifts.
Ouattara supporters demonstrate outside Ivorian embassy in Paris
Dozens of Africans supporting Cote d 'Ivoire's Alassane Ouattara rallied outside
the country's embassy in Paris on Monday afternoon, calling on the current
ambassador to resign.
Urgent: Oil falls in light trading
Crude prices fell on Monday in light trading. Light, sweet crude for February
delivery fell 51 cents to 91.00 dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile.
Serbia's military factory hit by explosion, no one injured
An explosion hit Serbia's military factory "Sloboda" in the central city of
Cacak on Monday afternoon, but nobody was injured, according to a report by
Serbian news agency Tanjug.
1st Ld-Writethru: Oil falls in light trading
Crude prices fell on Monday in light trading after hitting its 26-month high
last week.
Urgent: Gold gains on weaker dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange recovered
from earlier lows on Monday amid thin holiday trading, lifted by the weaker U.S.
dollar as well as the year-end short covering.
Urgent: U.S. stocks end flat after China's rate hike
U.S. stocks ended flat in very thin trading on Monday as investors digested an
earlier-than- expected interest rate hike by China's central bank.
White House "deeply concerned" over conviction of former Russian
tycoons
The White House said Monday that it was "deeply concerned" over a Russian
court's conviction of two former Russian business tycoons -- Mikhail
Khodorkovsky and Platon Lebedev.
"Black Swan" leads OFCS nomination
Darren Aronofsky's "Black Swan," which has been regarded as an early Academy
Award favorite, has won it big at the Online Film Critics Society(OFCS)
nominations which were announced Monday, garnering seven nods including best
picture, best director and best actress.
Urgent: Dollar falls on thin trading
The U.S. dollar fell against major currencies in late New York trading on Monday
as trading was thin due to inclement weather.
U.S. stocks end flat after China's rate hike
U.S. stocks ended flat in very thin trading on Monday as investors digested an
earlier-than- expected interest rate hike by China's central bank.
Gold show gains on weaker dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange recovered
from earlier lows on Monday amid thin holiday trading.
1st LD Writethru: Dollar falls on thin trading
The U.S. dollar fell against major currencies in late New York trading on Monday
as trading was thin due to inclement weather.
Blast sends millions gallons of sludge into river south of
Chicago
Sludge was flowing into the Kankakee River from the site of an explosion that
destroyed a building earlier Monday at a water treatment plant in Kankakee,
about 60 miles south of Chicago, local officials said.
Wrestler Mijain Lopez named best athlete in Cuba
Heavyweight greco-roman wrestler Mijain Lopez was named Best Athlete in Cuba for
2001-2010, the weekly newspaper "Trabajadores" reported on Monday.
Uruguayan Forlan regards 2010 as his best year
Uruguayan star soccer player Diego Forlan, winner of the Golden Ball in South
Africa, said that the year 2010 was the most important year in his trajectory.
Cassano joins AC Milan for winter training
Sampdoria's cast-off Antonio Cassano joined AC Milan on Monday for a winter tour
to Dubai.
2010: Spain's economy rides the storm
2010 was a difficult year for the Spanish economy, although it is possible to
say that after the " perfect storm" that it experienced at the end of 2008, it
appears that the fall has been stopped and the basis for recovery established.
Chicago soybean advances as dryness in Argentina continues
Chicago soybean futures easily shrugged off earlier weakness and settled sharply
higher on Monday, as the persistent dryness in Argentina heightened investors'
concerns over the crop outlook of the world's third- largest exporter of
soybeans. Corn eked out a 0.2 percent gains and wheat ended moderately lower.
Oscar ballots mailed to 5,700-odd voters
The nomination process of the 83rd Academy Awards kicked off on Monday as
ballots were mailed to 5,755 voting members of the Academy of Motion Picture
Arts and Sciences.
Holland frees another Somali terror suspect
Dutch authorities freed another Somali terror suspect on Monday, who was
arrested with eleven countrymen last Friday. "No evidence found," local media
reported.
Suspected packages at Albanian, Finnish embassies proved to be
false alarms
The Italian police confirmed Monday that suspected packages found at Albanian
and Finnish embassies were both proved to be false alarms.
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 28
The Turkish foreign minister will visit Iraq in January and hold talks with the
new Iraqi cabinet, Turkish sources said Monday.
Stocks end mixed in Central America
Central America's three major bourses closed mixed on Monday.
Stocks close mixed in Mexico, Argentina and Brazil
Latin America's three major bourses closed mixed Monday.
Many Austrians intend to resell unfavorable Christmas gifts:
survey
Over half a million Austrians plan to resell some of their unneeded or
unfavorable gifts received during the Christmas season, according to a survey by
Austrian research group Taylor Nelson Sofres(TNS).
Ecuadorian president's approval rating hits 73 percent
More than 73 percent of Ecuadorians approved President Rafael Correa, one of the
highest approval ratings since he took office in 2007, an opinion poll said on
Monday.
Brazil's 2010 Christmas sales highest in six years
Brazil's sales during the past Christmas were registered as the highest since
2004, the consulting company Serasa Experian reported on Monday.
Brazil's Development Bank's disbursements up 31 percent in 2010
Brazil's Development Bank's (BNDES)
Mexico to spend 45 mln USD on pipeline maintenance following
blast
Mexico's state oil giant Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), which suffered a deadly
pipeline explosion a week ago, will spend 550 million pesos (45 million U.S.
dollars) on maintaining pipelines, a senior Pemex official said on Monday.
Petrobras' domestic oil production hits 2.03 million barrels a
day
The average domestic oil production of Brazil's state-controlled oil and gas
giant Petrobras reached 2,030,924 barrels per day in November, up 4.7 percent
from October and 2 percent year on year, the company said on Monday.
30 int'l dignitaries to attend inauguration of Brazilian new
president
Brazil's first female President- elect,  Dilma Rousseff, will be inaugurated
here Saturday, with some 30 international dignitaries due to attend the
swearing-in ceremony, Brazil's official media said Monday.
Lula bids farewell to politics as term ends
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Monday he enjoyed his time in
office and will take a break from politics after leaving.
World Bank, UN program to offer Panama 8.9 mln USD to tackle
climate change
Panama will receive 8.9 million U.S. dollars from the World Bank and a UN
emission-cut program to mitigate the impact of climate change in the country,
the National Environmental Authority (ANAM) said Monday.
Brazil's president says not interested in taking UN post
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva reaffirmed on Monday that he was
not interested in taking office in a multilateral organization like the United
Nations.
White House "deeply concerned" over conviction of former Russian
tycoons
Eds: In the 4th para, please read "The two business partners were accused of
embezzling 218 tons of oil" instead of "The two business partners were accused
of embezzling 218 million tons of oil." A corrected version follows:
Cholera kills 2,707 in Haiti
At least 2,707 people have died from the cholera epidemic in Haiti, the
country's Ministry of Public Health and Population (MSPP) said Monday.
Chinese state councilor inaugurates Confucius Institute in
Ecuador
Chinese State Councilor Liu Yandong inaugurated a Confucius Institute in Ecuador
Monday to promote the Chinese language and culture.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0445 GMT, Dec. 28
The prices of most herbs used in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) rose by 30
percent this year in Singapore.
Special Report: 2001-2010: A game-changing decade
by Deng Yushan, Xu Jianmei
Colombia president laments death of ex-Venezuelan president
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos on Sunday expressed grief over the death
of former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez who died on Saturday in
Miami, United States.
Dominican Republic declares three days of mourning for former
president's death
The Dominican Republic on Sunday declared three days of national mourning for
the death of former President Salvador Omar Jorge Blanco.
UN headquarters to be closed on Monday due to blizzard
The UN Headquarters will be closed on Monday due to a winter storm that
blanketed New York and other places along the U.S. East Coast on Sunday.
2nd LD Writethru: DPRK's restraint over S. Korea's provocation
"limited": official  press
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) has "limited" restraint over
South Korea's "military provocation" and would mete out harsh punishment for
further aggressive moves, an official daily said Monday.
1st LD: 5 Chinese missing in oil refinery blast in Zabaikalsky in
Russia
Five Chinese were presumably killed early Monday after an oil refinery blast
rocked a settlement in the Zabaikalsky Kray in eastern Russia.
2nd LD Writethru: 5 Chinese missing in oil refinery blast in
Russia
Five Chinese were presumably killed early Monday after an oil refinery blast
rocked a settlement in the Zabaikalsky Kray in eastern Russia, news agencies
reported.
180 flights canceled in Chicago due to East Coast blizzard
More than outbound 180 flights have been canceled at Chicago's two major
airports on Sunday due to a blizzard that engulfed the U.S. East Coast, Chicago
Department of Aviation said.
Feature: Boxing Day boosts retail sales in Canada
by Al Campbell
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 27
Two NATO helicopter gunships violated Pakistan's air space in its northwest
border area Monday morning, reported local English TV channel Express.
Khodorkovsky found guilty by Moscow court: agencies
Mikhail Khodorkovsky was found guilty on Monday by a Moscow court on charges of
embezzlement, Russian local news reports said.
Russia puts European satellite into orbit
Russia has successfully put a European KA-SAT telecommunication satellite to its
designated orbit Monday, said the state Khrunichev Space Research Center.
German stocks open lower
German stocks opened lower Monday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
3rd LD Writethru: One killed in oil refinery blast in
southeastern Russia
One person was killed early Monday after an oil refinery blast rocked a
settlement in the Zabaikalsky Kray in southeastern Russia, news agencies
reported.
1st LD Writethru: Khodorkovsky found guilty by Moscow court
Former Yukos tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky was found guilty on Monday by a Moscow
court on charges of embezzlement, Russian local news reports said.
Urgent: Package at Greek embassy in Rome defused by police
The Italian police on Monday defused an explosive package which was found at the
Greek embassy in Rome.
Nine charged with conspiracy to cause explosions in Britain
Nine people have been charged with conspiracy to cause explosions in Britain and
with terrorism offences, the West Midlands police announced on Monday.
Commentary: China shares "high speed" with world
China will not dance alone to the music of quick tempo.
French bank aims to double revenue in Germany by 2015
France's BNP Paribas, one of the leading European banks, aims to double the
value of its revenue in German businesses units over the coming five years, a
local daily reported on Monday.
Mongolian foreign currency reserve reach record high
Mongolia's foreign currency reserve has reached a record high of more than 2
billion U.S. dollars, Mongolia's central bank said Monday.
Roundup: Icy rain disrupts transportation, power supply in Russia
Icy rain on Monday continued to disrupt air flights and severely affect car
traffic for a second day in central Russia.
OPEC weekly oil price gets nearly 90 U.S. dollars per barrel
The weekly average prices of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
(OPEC) continued to rise slightly last week, reaching 89.81 U.S. dollars per
barrel, the Vienna-based cartel said Monday.
Ukraine's economy expected to reach pre-crisis level in 2012: PM
Ukrainian Prime Minister Mykola Azarov said that declining of the national
economy would be finally overcome in 2012.
Russia vows to suppress ethnic tension
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev warned on Monday that any ethnic-based tension
in Russian society would be severely prosecuted.
Georgia's trade up 19 percent on year in January-November period
Georgia has posted a foreign trade of 5.883 billion U.S. dollars in the first 11
months of this year, 19 percent up year-on-year against 2009.
Package with exposive device found at Greek embassy in Rome
The Italian police found an explosive package at the Greek embassy in Rome on
Monday, following the two mail bombs that exploded and injured two people at
other embassies last Thursday.
Outgoing Belarusian government resigns
The government of Belarus resigned on Monday, paving the way for reelected
President Alexander Lukashenko to appoint a new council of ministers.
Russian, Kyrgyz PMs vow to expand economic cooperation
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Monday hoped that Kyrgyz authorities
would create conditions for Russian companies to work in Kyrgyzstan.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 27
The government of Belarus resigned on Monday, paving the way for reelected
President Alexander Lukashenko to appoint a new council of ministers.
Ukraine's former interior minister to be detained for two months
Former Ukrainian Interior Minister Yury Lutsenko will be detained for two
months, Kiev's Pechersky District Court said in a statement on Monday.
Arsenal ravage Chelsea 3-1
Arsenal totally dominated the match at the Emirates on Monday to sent off
Premier League defending champions Chelsea 3-1 in style.
Indonesia must play without burden facing Malaysia: official
Indonesia's national soccer team must play without mental burden while facing
its Malaysian opponents on Dec. 29 in Indonesia after beaten 0-3 in Kuala
Lumpur, an official said here on Monday.
England takes total control of fourth Ashes Test
England on Monday took total control of the second day of fourth Ashes Test in
Melbourne of Australia.
Francis decides to leave Beijing
Former NBA All-Star Steve Francis has decided to leave the Beijing Ducks after a
two-week stint with the Chinese Basketball Association club, a club official
confirmed on Monday.
Myanmar to hold horse race on Independence Day
YANGON, Dec. 27 (Xinhua)-- Myanmar will hold a horse race in Yangon to
commemorate the country's 63rd Anniversary Independence Day, the Myanmar
Equestrian Federation (MEF) confirmed to Xinhua on Monday.
Roundup: 2010, honour year for Kenyan athletes
John Kwoba
Liu Xiang heads to U.S. for winter training
Chinese hurdles star Liu Xiang flew to Los Angeles on Monday for a half-month
winter training course.
Chinese officials warned about financial violations during
holiday season
Chinese officials and Communist Party cadres have been warned against financial
violations and extravagance in the name of New Year celebrations.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 27
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 27:
Macao establishes panda fund
The government of Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) has decided to
establish a panda fund that was aimed at providing financial assistance to local
education, research and projects related to the preservation of pandas,
according to the SAR's Official Gazette published on Monday.
2nd Ld Writethru-China Focus: U.S. defense chief to visit China
in January
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates will visit China from Jan. 9 to 12 next
year, the National Defense Ministry said in Beijing Monday.
China economic news in brief: Zhengzhou Foxconn; Liaoning ports;
Xinjiang GDP
The following are some Chinese news items in brief:
Chinese courts to build management system for providing neutral
evidence
WUHAN, Dec. 28 (Xinhua) - Chinese courts would seek to create their own
management system for authenticating judicial evidence within the next five
years, said Su Zelin, vice president of the Supreme People's Court.
Chinese shares open lower Tuesday
Chinese shares opened lower Tuesday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
down 0.48 percent or 13.37 points to 2,768.03 at the opening.
China stock index futures open lower Tuesday
China's stock index futures opened lower Tuesday. The contract for settlement in
January 2011, the most actively traded, opened 78.40 points or 2.45 percent
lower at 3,118.6.
ChiNext Index opens slightly lower Tuesday
ChiNext Index was down 6.36 points or 0.58 percent to open at 1,098.94 points
Tuesday.
China's yuan advances to 6.6252 per USD Tuesday
The value of yuan gained as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6252 per U.S. dollar Tuesday, compared with Monday's
6.6305, according to the data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading
System.
9 kids dead, 10 injured after vehicle plunges into creek in C.
China
A vehicle taking children to school plunged into a creek in central China's
Hunan Province Monday morning, leaving nine children dead, 10 injured and one
missing.
Chongqing ranks first among listed happiest cities in China
This southwestern city has dwarfed the country's political and economic centers
as the only provincial-level municipality listed among China's happiest 10
cities in 2010, China Daily reported Tuesday.
Chinese local governments increasingly dependent on land-use
charges: report
Local governments in China being increasingly dependent on land-use fees for
revenue has caused social problems, including rapid increases in housing prices,
the official newspaper of the Communist Party of China (CPC) reported Monday.
Rescue chopper makes emergency landing into northern HK's
reservoir
A Eurocopter AS332 L2 helicopter, belonging to the Hong Kong Government Flying
Service, made an emergency landing on Monday morning at a reservoir in northern
Hong Kong, and all three crew members managed to swim to safety, local media
reported.
Hong Kong stocks open down 1.23 pct
Hong Kong stocks dropped 280.65 points, or 1.23 percent, to open at 22,553.15 on
Tuesday.
China cultural, archaeological news in brief: Coin kiln;
Horsetail embroidery; Karst  conservation
The following are some Chinese cultural and archaeological news items in brief.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 2 HK dollars to open at 12,850, HK dollars
per tael on Tuesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Major Chinese industrial enterprises' profits up 49.4 pct on-year
in first 11 months
The profits of major Chinese industrial enterprises in the first 11 months of
the year grew 49.4 percent year on year to 3.88 trillion yuan (588.2 billion
U.S. dollars), the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said Monday.
Internet helps farmers in China's remote northwest prosper
About 40 percent of Feng Zixue's dried licorice root, used in Chinese
traditional medicine, is sold online across the country from his hometown, a
remote village in northwest China's Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region.
Feature: Rock in an age of fewer echoes
by Quan Xiaoshu, China Features
Chinese shares close lower at midday Tuesday
China's stocks closed lower in the morning trading session Tuesday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down 37 points, or 1.33 percent, to close at
2,744.41 points.
China Economic News in Brief: Jiangsu solar cells; Beijing
foreign trade; Guangdong  textiles; Jilin investment;
Heilongjiang trade
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
China stocks close down Monday
China's stocks closed down Monday with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
down 1.9 percent, or 53.76 points, to finish at 2,781.4 points.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 27
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,781.40 points Monday, down 53.76 points, or 1.9 percent, from the previous
close.
Shenzhen stock indices down -- Dec. 27
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower Monday
to end at 12,303.19 points, down 253.66 points, or 2.02 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec. 27
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at 3,099.71 points Monday, down 63.25 points, or 2.0
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 27
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, fell
39.21 points, or 3.43 percent, to close at 1,105.30 Monday.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 27
China's stock index futures closed down Monday with the contract for January
2011, the most actively traded, down 2.45 percent from the previous trading day
to end at 3,118.6 points.
Chinese mainland, Taiwan agree to cooperate on royalty collection
Copyright collective management associations in the Chinese mainland and Taiwan
have reached an agreement to cooperate on collection of royalties.
Editing team of popular Chinese writer Han Han's magazine
dismissed
The editing team for popular Chinese writer Han Han's magazine, Party, was
dismissed Sunday, the magazine's executive editor-in-chief announced on his
microblog Monday.
1st LD Writethru: China stocks fall after central bank's weekend
rate hike, amid  speculation more hikes to come
Chinese stocks weakened Monday after the nation's central bank hiked rates on
Saturday and amid speculation further monetary policy tightening to combat
inflation is in the offing.
Rescue chopper makes emergency landing in Hong Kong's reservoir
The government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region confirmed that a
Government Flying Service (GFS) helicopter made a controlled emergency landing
in Shing Mun Reservoir around 10:30 a.m. on Monday.
Death toll from central China school vehicle accident rises to 14
The death toll from a school vehicle accident in central China's Hunan Province
has risen to 14 after four injured kids died in hospital and the one missing was
also found dead, local authorities said.
URGENT: U.S. defense chief to visit China in January
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates will visit China from Jan. 9 to 12, the
Chinese Defense Ministry said on Monday.
1st Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China to offer overseas tourists
tax refund for purchases  in Hainan
Overseas tourists can from next year claim tax refunds of 11 percent of their
purchases from certain shopping malls in south China's Hainan Province when
leaving China there, a local official said Monday.
Taiwan stocks close 0.35 pct higher
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Monday with the weighted index up 31.21
points, or 0.35 percent, to close at 8,892.31, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
News Analysis: Hong Kong's economy in 2010, rebounds beyond
expectations
by Liu Chen, Lin Jianyang
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 27
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 27:
1st LD: U.S. defense chief to visit China in January
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates will visit China from Jan. 9 to 12 next
year, the Chinese Defense Ministry said Monday.
1st Ld: Chinese leaders honor contributors to Shanghai Expo's
success
Chinese President Hu Jintao and other senior officials Monday attended a
national conference to honor model institutions and individuals that contributed
to the successful hosting of the Shanghai World Expo.
China finds 3.24 billion USD of public funds in unauthorized
coffers
China's anti-graft authorities announced on Monday in a statement that during
the year it had found 21.5 billion yuan (3.24 billion U.S.Dollar) of public
money held in unauthorized departmental coffers.
China's Guangdong to use more electricity from power-rich west
China's southwestern Yunnan and Guizhou provinces agreed Monday to transmit 497
billion kilowatt- hours of electricity to the southern Guangdong Province over
the next five years.
China revises regulations to curb fake invoices
China released newly-revised regulations on the control of invoices Monday,
setting harsher punishments for producing, selling and using fake invoices.
Chinese mainland, Taiwan airlines expand cooperation
TAIPEI, Dec. 27 (Xinhua) - Chinese mainland-based Xiamen Airlines and Taiwan-
based Mandarin Airlines announced Monday that they would begin sharing flight
codes on two cross-Strait flight routes in a move to assist those people flying
between southeastern Fujian's Xiamen City and the island's Taipei and Kaohsiung.
China's central bank to put stabilizing prices in more prominent
position
The People's Bank of China (PBOC), the country's central bank, reaffirmed Monday
that it would give more prominence to stabilizing prices, and implementing a
prudent monetary policy during the next year.
China to continue proactive fiscal policy in 2011
China will continue to implement its proactive fiscal policy in 2011 and better
handle the relations between maintaining steady and relatively fast economic
development, restructuring the economy and managing inflation expectations,
Finance Minister Xie Xuren said Monday.
China invested 1.3 bln USD to promote scientific literacy in 2009
China invested 8.712 billion yuan (1.31 billion U.S. dollars) last year, a one-
third increase year on year, to promote knowledge of science among its citizens.
China Exclusive: China's first solar chimney plant starts
operating in desert
A water-tower-like chimney is eye catching in the desolate desert, where under
the chimney is a glass-made house sitting above the ground.
2nd LD-Writethru: Chinese leaders honor contributors to Shanghai
Expo's success
Chinese President Hu Jintao and other senior officials Monday attended a
national rally to honor model institutions and individuals that contributed to
the successful hosting of the Shanghai World Expo.
Senior CPC official urges better sharing of public cultural
services
Senior Communist Party of China (CPC) official Li Changchun on Monday called for
greater efforts to divert public cultural services to people at a grassroots
level and in rural areas.
More needy people receive help from China's social security
network
More people enduring poor living conditions have been covered by China's social
security system, according to the country's Ministry of Civil Affairs.
Saudi to double industrial parks in next five years: MODON
Saudi Arabia, the world's largest oil crude exporter, unveiled its plans to
double industrial parks and cities across the kingdom from 14 to 30 within the
next five years as part of its efforts to diversify the economy away from oil,
the Saudi Industrial Property Authority (MODON), which develops the industrial
zones, said Tuesday.
Saudi, Russia hold talks for peaceful nuke deal
Saudi Arabia, the world's largest oil crude exporter, holds talks with Russia to
pave the way for the signing of a peaceful nuclear deal, Russia's envoy to Saudi
Arabia told the local daily Al-Watan on Tuesday.
2nd LD: Iran executes man spying for Israel
Iran on Tuesday morning hanged a man convicted of working for Israel's Mossad
intelligence agency in Tehran, the semi-official Mehr news agency reported.
Iran hangs man linked to dissident PMOI
Iran executed a member of the dissident political party of the People's
Mojahedin of Iran (PMOI) on Tuesday morning, local satellite Press TV reported.
Urgent: Fire on train injures dozens: report
A fire broke out on a train near Tel Aviv, and dozens of passengers were
injured, local media quoted medics as saying.
Kuwait PM says ready to face grilling
Kuwaiti Prime Minister Sheikh Nasser al-Mohammed al-Ahmad Al-Sabah said Tuesday
he was ready to face grilling by the parliament over breaching the constitution
and undermining public freedom.
1st LD: Fire on train injures dozens in Israel: report
A fire broke out on a train near the central Israeli town of Shfayim on Tuesday
morning, injuring dozens of passengers, local media reported.
2nd LD: Fire on train in central Israel injures dozens
A fire broke out Tuesday morning on a railway car ferrying passengers in central
Israel, injuring up to 40 people, mostly from shock or smoke inhalation, one of
them in serious condition, local medics said.
Israeli army arrest 10 Palestinians in Gaza, West Bank
Israeli forces on Tuesday arrested 10 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and the
West Bank, including a Hamas lawmaker, witnesses and security sources said.
AL chief arrives in Khartoum
Arab League (AL) Secretary- General Amr Moussa arrived in Khartoum on Tuesday on
a two-day visit during which he will hold talks with senior Sudanese government
officials and representatives in south Sudan government.
3 killed, 4 wounded in Iraq's violence
Three people, including a child, were killed, and four others were wounded in
gunfire and bomb attacks in Iraq, the police said Tuesday.
PNA denies lifting ban on Palestinians' work in Jewish
settlements
The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) on Tuesday denied Israeli media reports
that it had retreated from its decision to outlaw the work of Palestinians in
Jewish settlements.
Israeli poll: most against hatred of country's Arabs
The majority of Israel's Jewish population opposes intolerance towards the
country's Arab citizens and legislation proposals that hint at ethnic prejudice,
according to the results of a poll published on Tuesday.
Iran says German detainees meet families
Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Tuesday that the two
German nationals detained in Iran in October had visited their families, local
satellite Press TV reported.
Large amount of drugs seized in Turkey
Security forces seized 72.7 kg of heroin and nearly 100 kg of hashish in anti-
drug operations across the country on Tuesday, the semi-official Anatolia news
agency reported.
Jordan's stock market index closes lower
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,365 points on
Tuesday, dropping by two points from Monday's finish.
Tel Aviv's parking distress earns millions for municipality
While Tel Aviv traditionally enjoys a flourishing business climate and a steady
intake of tourism, the chronic shortage of parking in Israel's financial and
cultural hub is also a source of considerable revenue for its municipality.
Lebanese banks receives 30 percent of total Mideast deposits in
2010
Lebanese banks drew close to 30 percent of total deposits in Arab states despite
potential instability, the local Daily Star newspaper reported Tuesday.
Egypt's Mubarak meets Zambian, Kenyan leaders
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak held separate talks with Zambian President
Rupiah Bwezani Banda and Kenyan Vice President Stephen Kalonzo Musyoka on
Tuesday to discuss issues of common concern.
Egypt's stock exchange indices end with mixed changes
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 7,027.49 points on Tuesday, up
0.85 percent from the previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index,
ended 0.02 percent lower at 723.37 points.
Sudanese president pledges not to against southerners' will
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on Tuesday vowed not to object to the will of
the southern Sudanese even if they opt for separation in the forthcoming south
Sudan referendum set for Jan. 9.
Turkey, Gulf countries to strengthen ties: FM
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Tuesday that implementation of
joint cooperation action plans with the Gulf countries would strengthen their
historical friendship relations with Turkey and enhance economic interaction in
the region.
Turkey to launch first home-made communications test satellite
Turkey plans to send its first home- made communications test satellite into
orbit in September next year, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported
Tuesday.
Moussa reiterates AL commitment to supporting Sudan referendum
Arab League (AL) Secretary General Amr Moussa on Tuesday reiterated the AL
commitment to supporting a credible and free south Sudan referendum.
Iran becomes nuclear state: Ahmadinejad
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday that Iran is now a nuclear
country implying that Iran has achieved nuclear know-how for energy purposes.
Syrian-UAE businessmen conference kicks off in Damascus
The Syrian-UAE Businessmen Conference kicked off here on Tuesday to discuss how
to boost economic cooperation between the two countries.
Iraq's Baathist factions form new party in Syria
Five Iraqi Baathist factions declared on Tuesday that they have formed a new
party with the base in Damascus.
Kuwaiti PM grilled over breaching constitution accusations
Oil-rich Kuwait's prime minister on Tuesday was grilled by opposition lawmakers
in the parliament over accusations that he breached the constitution and
undermined public freedom.
Roundup: Gulf Arab markets close on mixed note
After a tricky start of the week, stock exchanges in the United Arab Emirates
(UAE) stabilized on Tuesday.
Palestinian killed by Israeli army along Gaza border
The Israeli army killed a Palestinian in the southeast Gaza Strip Tuesday,
Palestinian security sources and witnesses said.
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange closes slightly higher
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,069.72 points on
Tuesday, up 0.44 point from Monday's close.
Syria, Turkey discuss military cooperation
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Turkish Deputy Chief of General Staff Aslan
Guner discussed here on Tuesday the military cooperation between the two
countries, the Syrian official SANA news agency reported.
Roundup: "Interim agreement with the Palestinians is possible":
Netanyahu
by Gur Salomon
Kuwaiti lawmakers lodge non-cooperation motion against PM
Ten Kuwaiti lawmakers on Tuesday lodged an non-cooperation motion against the
emirate's prime minister, which might force him out of office if passed.
Lebanese president vows to prevent civil strife
Lebanese President Michel Suleiman said Tuesday when touring south Lebanon that
the Lebanese army would not allow strife to occur among the Lebanese.
ICRC facilitates video calls for Guantanamo detainees, their
families in Yemen
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) announced on Tuesday that it
has facilitated video- teleconference calls between detainees at the U.S.-run
military jail in Guantanamo Bay and their families in Yemen.
News Analysis: Israeli coalition's row over foreign policy more a
result of internal politics
by Adam Gonn
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 28
Iran on Tuesday morning hanged a man convicted of working for Israel's Mossad
intelligence agency in Tehran, the semi-official Mehr news agency reported.
Australian opposition urges gov't to dump carbon pricing plans
Following a decision by Japan to shelve its emissions trading scheme, Australian
opposition urged the federal government to admit its carbon pricing plans, the
Opposition said on Wednesday.
Dollar trades at lower 82 yen level in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 82 yen level early Wednesday in Tokyo,
almost unchanged from its overnight range in New York.
Japanese stocks open flat on stronger yen
Japanese stocks opened flat Wednesday, weighed down by the yen's strength
against the U.S. dollar in quiet pre-holiday trading.
S. Korea to expand free trade agreements with emerging countries
South Korea will seek more free trade agreements with emerging and developing
economies in an effort to reinforce diplomatic ties with them, the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs and Trade said Wednesday.
S. Korean President says six-party talks should advance next year
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak on Wednesday hinted at a more flexible
stance on resuming stalled nuclear disarmament talks involving the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
Global warming is not fading away despite cold snap: Australian
scientists
Near-record floods in Australia and a big chill in the northern hemisphere does
not mean global warming is fading away, Australia's Commonwealth Scientific and
Industrial Research Organization (CSIRO) scientist said on Wednesday.
FDI in S. Korea hits 10-year high in 2010
Foreign direct investment (FDI) in South Korea climbed to a 10-year high in 2010
on the back of trust toward the country's solid economic fundamentals, a
government report showed Wednesday.
S. Korean President calls for dialogue with DPRK
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak Wednesday called for dialogue with the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), apparently softening his hard-line
stance on the country.
Vietnam's industrial production value up 14 pct this year
Vietnam's industrial production value is expected to go up 14 percent year-on-
year to 794.2 trillion Vietnamese dong (37.8 billion U.S. dollars) in the first
ten months of this year, said a report of the Vietnam's General Statistics
Office on Wednesday.
International education becomes South Australia's second largest
export
International education has become South Australia's second largest export after
wine, latest data showed on Wednesday.
Singapore, Japan make more proposals to study Myanmar earthquake
belt
Singapore and Japan have made more proposals to study Myanmar's earthquake belt
in next year to help the country deal with disaster mitigation problem, the
Myanmar Newsweek reported Wednesday.
Philippine debt stock stands at 59.8 bln U.S. dlrs
The Philippines outstanding external debt stood at 59.8 billion U.S. dollars at
the end of the third quarter, 4.4 percent higher than the previous quarter, the
country's central bank reported Wednesday.
Waterfall displays in Sydney New Year's Eve fireworks show
A fiery waterfall would flow from the Sydney Harbour Bridge in the Sydney New
Year's Eve fireworks show, organizers revealed on Wednesday.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,060.88 points Wednesday, 35.46
points higher from previous close of 20,025.42 points on rises of world major
bourses.
S. Korea raises its alert level for foot-and-mouth disease to
highest
South Korea Wednesday raised its alert for foot-and-mouth disease to the highest
level, "serious," in the wake of the worst outbreak of the highly contagious
animal disease.
Opposition party's new leader should be public's beloved: Thai
ex-PM Thaksin
Thailand's ex-premier Thaksin Shinawatra said the new leader of opposition Puea
Thai party should be appropriate and public's beloved person, opposition party
MPs said Tuesday.
News Analysis: NATO goals in Afghanistan doomed to failure if
night raids continue
by Xinhua writer Yan Liang
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 28
A total of 11 more members of two anti-government ethnic armed groups of the
Kayin National Union (KNU) and Kayin National Liberation Army (KNLA) have laid
down their arms to the government forces on the weekend, the official daily New
Light of Myanmar reported Tuesday.
Thai queer network stages rally outside Gov't House
Transsexuals and rights activists gathered outside Thai Government House on
Tuesday to oppose Thai government's abstention at the United Nation's vote to
support gay people's rights.
S. Korean top court rules Korea-U.S. FTA bill effective
South Korea's Constitutional Court ruled Tuesday a free trade bill jammed
through the parliament by the ruling party remains effective.
Indian man becomes oldest father at age of 94
Better late than never. A laborer in the northern Indian state Haryana is
reported to have become the country's oldest father at the age of 94, breaking
earlier record of a 90-year-old farmer in the western state of Rajasthan, said
Times of India Tuesday.
S. Korean stocks close higher
South Korean stocks closed higher on Tuesday.
Nikkei closes 0.61 pct lower
Tokyo stocks closed lower Tuesday with the key Nikkei index down 0.61 percent.
Japan's Ozawa to testify at ethics panel hearing over funds
scandal
Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) powerbroker Ichiro Ozawa said Tuesday he will
voluntarily attend a hearing at the House of Representatives' parliamentary
ethics panel to explain his involvement in a political funding scandal after
having previously spurned numerous calls for him to do so.
Verdict on anti-Thaksin "yellow shirts" deferred to Thursday
Thailand's Criminal Court on Tuesday deferred until Dec. 30 its verdict on 85
pro-establishment "yellow shirts" for their raid and seizure of government-run
TV in 2008.
S. Korea's population hits 48.21 million
As of Nov. 1, 48.21 million people were counted in South Korea, 24.04 million of
whom were male and 24.17 million female, a government report showed Tuesday.
Civil rights groups demand Indian humanitarian doctor release
from jail
Academics and civil rights groups have urged the immediate release of Indian
humanitarian doctor Binayak Sen, who was given life in prison for sedition and
allegedly backing left-wing Naxal rebels, said a statement released Tuesday.
Feature: Nepali youths move to organic farming for sustainable
development
by Sweta Baniya
Urgent: 4 killed in U.S. drone strike in Pakistan
ISLAMABAD, Dec. 28 (Xinhua)-- At least four people were killed and several
others injured in a U.S. drone strike launched Tuesday afternoon in Pakistan's
northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, local Urdu TV channel Geo reported.
Afghan, NATO forces detain local militant commander: NATO
Afghan and NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) captured a
Taliban local commander affiliated to Haqqani network in eastern Khost province
on Monday, a statement of the alliance released here Tuesday said.
Thai court drops revocation request of bail for key "Red-shirt"
leader
Thai Criminal Court on Tuesday dismissed the request filed by the Department of
Special Investigation (DSI) to withdraw bail for the antigovernment "Red- shirt"
core member and opposition Puea Thai party-list MP Jatuporn Prompan.
1st LD Writethru: 5 killed in U.S. drone strike in Pakistan
At least five people were killed and several others injured in a U.S. drone
strike launched Tuesday afternoon in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North
Waziristan, local Urdu TV channel Geo reported.
Urgent: 16 injured in university blast in Karachi, Pakistan
At least 16 students were injured in a blast that went off Tuesday afternoon at
the Karachi University in Pakistan's southern port city of Karachi, reported
local Urdu TV channel DAWN, adding that the blast took place at a cafeteria in
the campus.
Thailand lifts Emergency Decree in Mae Lan, Pattani
Thai cabinet on Tuesday agreed to revoke the Emergency Decree in the one
district in the southern province of Pattani, Thai prime minister said.
Urgent: Explosion kills 3 in northern Afghan province
A bomb blast left three people dead in Baghlan province in northern Afghanistan
on Tuesday, an official said.
Indonesian banks record lowest unpaid loan rate in 2010
Indonesian banks recorded the lowest Non-Performing Loan (NPL) ratio at 3.0
percent this year, or 30 bps (basis points) lower if compared to 3.3 percent
recorded in December 2009, an Indonesian official said here on Tuesday.
Urgent: 12 killed in 2nd U.S. drone strike in Pakistan
At least 12 people were killed in the second U.S. drone strike launched Tuesday
afternoon in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, bringing the
total number of people killed to 17 in Tuesday's two drone strikes, local Urdu
TV channel DAWN reported.
Philippine local police chief sacked over Christmas day blast
The Philippine National Police (PNP) has relieved Provincial Police Chief Senior
Supt. Shepard Reyes and his intelligence officer in connection with the
Christmas day bombing of a church in southern Philippine province Sulu.
Philippine president allays fears of terror spillover in Metro
Manila
Philippine President Benigno Aquino III allayed fears of a possible spillover of
terrorist activities in Metro Manila, the country's capital.
1st LD Writethru: Explosion kills 3 in northern Afghan province
A bomb blast left three people dead in Afghanistan's Baghlan province, 262 km
north of the capital city Kabul, on Tuesday, an official said.
(Roundup) S. Korean shares close strong on tech, builder gains
South Korean shares closed stronger Tuesday as investors scooped up tech blue
chips and builders amid signs of the global recovery, local analysts said.
1st LD Writethru: 12 killed in 2nd U.S. drone strike in Pakistan
At least 12 people were killed in a second U.S. drone strike launched Tuesday
afternoon in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported
local Urdu TV channel DAWN.
Dollar drops to lower 82 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar fell to the lower 82 yen level Tuesday in Tokyo.
Roundup: Nikkei drops 0.61 pct on Shanghai stocks' retreat,
output data provides support
Tokyo stocks retreated in the thinest day of trading this year, with the key
Nikkei stock index dropping 0.61 percent on Tuesday as Shanghai shares took a
tumble, although robust domestic industrial output data and hopes that demand
for Japanese goods will continue to show an upward trend leant support to the
market.
1st LD Writethru: 16 injured in university blast in Karachi,
Pakistan
At least 16 students were injured in a blast that went off Tuesday afternoon at
the Karachi University in Pakistan's southern port city of Karachi, reported
local Urdu TV channel DAWN.
7 Thais die in seafood vehicle crash in Bangkok
Seven people were killed when a pick-up truck loaded with seafood crashed into a
pedestrian bridge in Bangkok's Bang Khun Thian district on Tuesday.
Roundup: China's monetary tightening weighs down Philippine
stocks
Philippine stocks finished marginally lower Tuesday as China's decision to raise
policy rates sent jitters in local equities.
Cambodian national assembly passes ASEAN-India cooperation
agreement
The Cambodian National Assembly on Tuesday adopted the draft law on the
framework agreement on comprehensive economic cooperation between the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and India.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 28
Better late than never. A laborer in the northern Indian state Haryana is
reported to have become the country's oldest father at the age of 94, breaking
earlier record of a 90- year-old farmer in the western state of Rajasthan, said
Times of India Tuesday.
Pacific colonization more recent than thought: study
New research showed New Zealand was colonized by humans more recently - and
faster - than previously thought, local media reported Tuesday.
Indonesia forecasts 110 bln USD state reserve by end of 2011
Indonesian foreign exchange reserve was predicted to increase to 110 billion
U.S. dollars by the end of next year, Finance Minister Agus Martowardojo said
here on Tuesday.
Feature: Chinese-aided waste handling machines in Nepal operating
efficiently
by Sweta Baniya
Singapore shares end 0.77 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 24.34 points or 0.77 percent on Tuesday with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,183.7 points.
Indian stocks close flat
MUMBAI, Dec. 28 (Xinhua) - The Indian stock benchmark Sensex closed slightly
down 3.51 points or 0.02 percent Tuesday due to lack of market direction.
IED blast kills NATO soldier in S. Afghanistan
A soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) was
killed Tuesday in an explosion in Afghanistan's restive southern region, the
military alliance said in a statement.
Thai Finance Ministry sees economy grow at 7.8 pct in 2010
Thai economy is expected to grow 7.8 percent this year, up from the earlier
estimate of 7.5 percent, the Finance Ministry said on Tuesday.
Interview: Philippines working on gains secured from UN climate
talks
By Prime Sarmiento
Vietnam to suffer trade deficit of 12.4 bln USD in 2010
Vietnam is expected to suffer the trade deficit of 12.4 billion U.S dollars this
year, posting a slight decrease of 3.5 percent year-on-year, said the Vietnam's
General Statistics Office on Tuesday.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 28
The Philippine market finished Tuesday's session down by 0.049 percent. The
bellwether Philippine Stock Exchange index lost 2.05 points to 4,163.99. The
broader all-shares index rose by 0.81 percent or 23.81 points to 2,960.45.
10 Taliban militants surrender to Afghan gov't
Ten Taliban militants have given up militancy and voluntarily surrendered to
government in Afghanistan's western Herat province on Tuesday, a statement of
National Security Directorate (NSD) released here said.
Singapore education ministry plans student-nurturing measures
Singapore will provide greater social-emotional support and career guidance to
secondary school students, to nurture them through their adolescence, and better
prepare them for learning, for post-secondary education and also for life.
Losing Afghan Parliamentary candidates stage demonstration
Dozens of candidates who failed to win in Afghanistan's second parliamentary
elections, accompanied by hundreds of their supporters staged a peaceful
demonstration here on Tuesday and called on Supreme Court to look into their
complaints.
River closure held for construction of Cambodian hydropower dam
A river closure ceremony of the lower Russei Chrum river was held on Tuesday in
Mondol Sima district of Koh Kong province for the construction of Cambodia's 338
megawatt Russei Chrum Krom hydroelectric dam which was invested and was building
by China Huadian Corp.
Indian Air Force to deploy fighter for deterring terrorists
The Indian Air Force (IAF) Tuesday said that it would deploy fighter aircraft in
the southern parts of the country for deterring threat from terrorists and sea
pirates.
Urgent: 3 killed in 3rd U.S. drone strike in Pakistan
At least three people were killed and two others injured in a third U.S. drone
strike launched Tuesday afternoon in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North
Waziristan, bringing to 11 the total number of people killed in Tuesday's three
strikes, reported local Urdu TV channel Duniya.
Indonesia revises down deficit target
Indonesia lowered its budget deficit target this year to 1.1 percent of the GDP
or 72.4 trillion rupiah (some 8.03 billion U.S. dollars) from the initial
prediction of 1.2 to 1.3 percent of the GDP, as the budget spending slowed,
Finance Minister Agus Martowardojo said here on Tuesday.
1st LD Writethru: 12 killed in U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan
At least 12 people were killed in three U.S. drone strikes launched Tuesday
afternoon in Pakistan 's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported
local media.
Urgent: 4 killed in 4th U.S. drone strike in Pakistan
At least four people were killed in the fourth U.S. drone strike on Tuesday in
Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported local Urdu TV
channel Geo.
1st LD Writethru: 16 killed in four U.S. drone strikes in
Pakistan
At least 16 people were killed in four consecutive  U.S. drone strikes Tuesday
afternoon in Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan, reported
local media.
Roundup: Political turmoil tangles KSE down
by Jawad Hussain
Sri Lanka, India to expand defence cooperation
Sri Lanka and India agreed to enhance defence cooperation on Tuesday.
Nepal's Climate Change Council meeting endorses document on
national policy
The sixth meeting of the Climate Change Council under Nepali Prime Minister
Madhav Kumar Nepal endorsed a document on Climate Change National Policy 2067
(2010) here Tuesday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 28
Thai economy is expected to grow 7.8 percent this year, up from the earlier
estimate of 7.5 percent, the Finance Ministry said on Tuesday.
Inflation to remain major challenge in Bangladesh next year:
central bank governor
Governor of Bangladesh Bank (BB), the central bank, Atur Rahman on Tuesday
predicted that the economy of the country will see further volatility in
commodity prices next year, which will trigger a lasting inflation pressure.
Ouattara sees no signs after calling for strike in Cote d'Ivoire
The call for a general strike in Cote d'Ivoire by Alassane Ouattara to press his
rival Laurent Gbagbo to leave power failed to materialize on Monday in the
economic capital Abidjan, where normal life went on as usual.
Cote d'Ivoire police disperse pro-Ouattara youths in Abidjan
Cote d'Ivoire police on Monday dispersed groups of youths allied to Alassane
Ouattara in the populous district of Abobo in northern Abidjan, where is
situated Ouattara's stronghold.
Auto accident claims 22 lives in Nigeria
At least 22 people were confirmed dead in a fatal road mishap in Emuhu village
near Umunede in southeast Nigeria's Delta State, the Lagos based Vanguard
newspaper reported on Tuesday.
Urgent: Somali pirates set free German ship: report
Somali pirates have freed a German ship with a crew of 22 people, media reports
quoted maritime officials as saying on Tuesday.
1st LD: Somali pirates set free German ship: report
Somali pirates have freed a German ship with a crew of 22 people, media reports
quoted maritime officials as saying on Tuesday.
Urgent: Presidents of Benin, Sierra Leone arrive in Cote d'Ivoire
for talk with Gbagbo: media
The presidents of Benin and Sierra Leone have arrived in Cote d'Ivoire to
persuade the country's incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to cede power, media reports
said on Tuesday.
2nd LD Writethru: Somali pirates set free German ship
Somali pirates have released a German chemical tanker they hijacked in May on
Monday after ransom were paid, Andrew Mwangura, East Africa Coordinator of
Seafarers Assistance Program (SAP) confirmed on Tuesday.
1st LD: Presidents of Benin, Sierra Leone arrive in Cote d'Ivoire
for talk with Gbagbo: media
Benin's President Boni Yayi and Sierra Leone's President Ernest Koroma have
arrived in Cote d'Ivoire to persuade the country's incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to
cede power, media reports said on Tuesday.
Urgent: Islamist sect says responsible for Christmas Eve blasts
in Nigeria
An Islamist sect claims responsibility for Christmas Eve blasts in Nigeria's
troubled city of Jos, according to a statement posted on its website on Tuesday.
1st LD: Islamist sect says responsible for Christmas Eve blasts
in Nigeria
An Islamist sect is responsible for Christmas Eve blasts in Nigeria's troubled
city of Jos, according to a statement posted on its website on Tuesday.
2nd LD: Islamist sect says responsible for Christmas Eve blasts
in Nigeria
An Islamist sect is responsible for Christmas Eve blasts in Nigeria's troubled
city of Jos, according to a statement posted on its website on Tuesday.
Urgent: Somali pirates seize Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship:
reports
Somali pirates have on Monday seized an Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship in the
Gulf of Aden, media reports said on Tuesday.
1st LD: Somali pirates seize Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship:
reports
Somali pirates have on Monday seized an Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship in the
Gulf of Aden, media reports said on Tuesday.
2nd LD: 3 African presidents in Cote d'Ivoire to press Gbagbo to
quit
Three African presidents arrived in Cote d'Ivoire on Tuesday to persuade
incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to cede power.
2nd LD Writethru: Somali pirates seize Antigua and Barbuda-
flagged ship
Somali pirates seized an Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship early Monday,
approximately 175 nautical miles northeast of the port Salalah, Oman, EU anti-
piracy mission said on Tuesday.
3rd LD Writethru: Islamist sect says responsible for Christmas
Eve blasts in Nigeria
An Islamist sect,  Jama'atu Ahlus- Sunnah Lidda'Awati Wal Jihad, claimed
responsibility for the Christmas Eve blasts in Nigeria's troubled city of Jos,
according to a statement posted on its website on Tuesday.
UN convoy attacked, peacekeeper wounded in Cote d'Ivoire: media
A crowd of people attacked a UN convoy on Tuesday in Abidjan, capital of the
restive Cote d'Ivoire leaving one peacekeeper wounded, media quoted UN as
saying.
Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo warns to sever ties over ambassadors named
by rival
Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo warned on Tuesday to cut ties
with any government that recognizes ambassadors named by his rival presidential
claimant Alassane Ouattara, media reported.
Georgia's unemployment rate down by 2 pct
The president of the South Caucasus country of Georgia has brought forth a
heartening New Year message to the nation that for the first time in seven
years, the country's persistent high unemployment rate has seen a real though
small reduction in the past year.
U.S. consumer confidence dips in December
The U.S. consumer confidence in December dropped after two months increase,
indicating a bumpy sign of the economic recovery.
Medvedev says 2011 priority is to reduce inflation
Russia's consumer price inflation is expected to exceed the previous forecast of
8.5 percent, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announced Tuesday, saying the
priority of the government in 2011 is to reduce the inflation.
Russian stocks close higher
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Tuesday with both key indexes higher.
Armenia to see 4.6 pct growth in 2011: lawmaker
Armenia is expecting a gross domestic product (GDP) growth of 4.6 percent in the
incoming year, as the outgoing year has paved the way for such a development,
according to news reports reaching here quoting a senior Armenian lawmaker as
saying on Tuesday.
Dutch prosecutors extend custody of Somali terror suspect
Dutch prosecutors said Tuesday that one of 12 Somali men arrested on Christmas
Eve for alleged terrorism offenses will remain in police custody.
Urgent: Ski lift stuck in northeast U.S., injuries reported
Several people were injured Tuesday when a gust of wind sent skiers tumbling off
a chairlift at a ski resort on Sugarloaf Mountain in Northeast U.S. state of
Maine, media reports said Tuesday, noting that over 100 were trapped in the
lift.
1st Ld: Ski lift stuck in northeast U.S., injuries reported
Several people were injured Tuesday when a gust of wind sent skiers tumbling off
a chairlift at a ski resort on Sugarloaf Mountain in Northeast U.S. state of
Maine, media reports said Tuesday, noting that over 100 were trapped in the
lift.
Belarus' Lukashenko appoints new prime minister
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko on Tuesday appointed Mikhail
Myasnikovich as the country's new prime minister.
Charges soar against Austrian companies hiring illegal workers
Charges against Austrian companies for hiring illegal migrant laborers have
increased significantly by 30 percent this year, Austrian media reported on
Tuesday.
U.S. stocks slip on downbeat economic data
U.S. stocks slipped on Tuesday as the latest reports on home prices and consumer
confidence disappointed investors.
Villarreal lose midfielder Senna with ligament injury
Villarreal Football Club will be without the services of former Spain
international Marcos Senna for around 10 weeks after it was confirmed that he
has suffered ligament damage.
South Africa chase cricket victory against India
After the third day of the second cricket Test between South Africa and India in
Durban on Tuesday, South Africa needed 192 runs for victory with seven wickets
in hand in the five-day game.
Tourists spend more money in Spain in 2010
Tourists traveling in Spain spent more money in 2010 than they did in 2009,
according to data released Tuesday by the Institute of Studies in Tourism (IST),
a subsidiary of the Ministry of Tourism and Commerce.
Chinese FM meets Kazakh parliamentary leaders, highlighting
cooperation
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi met here Tuesday with top leaders of the
Kazakh Parliament, stressing the bilateral relation was embracing an important
opportunity as both sides were presently stepping up its economic and social
development and reform.
U.S. denies help with Polish probe into secret CIA prisons
The United States has refused to cooperate with Poland in an investigation into
alleged secret CIA prisons in Poland, Polish news agency PAP reported on
Tuesday.
Chinese FM meets with Kazakh Prime Minister
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi met with Kazakh Prime Minister Karim
Masimov here on Tuesday, and the two sides agreed to deepen cooperation in
energy, infrastructure and non-resource areas.
Urgent: Gold tops 1,400 U.S. dollars mark
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange ended
sharply higher on Tuesday, as the broad U.S. dollar sell-off pushed up the
precious metal prices, enhancing its appeal as an alternative investment.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Ski lift stuck in northeast U.S., rescue
underway
A rescue effort is underway Tuesday at a ski resort on Sugarloaf Mountain in
Northeast U.S. state of Maine, after a ski lift derailment left over 200 people
stranded.
Antidepressant use linked to increased risk of type 2 diabetes:
Finnish study
A new Finnish study suggests that antidepressant use is associated with an
increased risk of type 2 diabetes, Finnish media reported on Tuesday.
French nuclear group Areva increases capital by 900 mln euros
France's leading nuclear group Areva carried out the long expected capital
increase of about 900 million euros (1.18 billion U.S. dollars) reserved for
Kuwait Investment Authority (KIA) and the French State through the issue of over
27.69 million ordinary shares, the French company said Tuesday in a statement.
Gold tops 1,400 USD mark on weaker dollar
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange ended
sharply higher on Tuesday, as a broad U.S. dollar sell-off pushed up the
precious metal prices, enhancing its appeal as an alternative investment.
Austrian enterprises' confidence index drops
Austrian enterprises' optimism toward the future has decreased as compared with
September, according to a report issued by the consulting company Ernst &amp;
Young on Tuesday.
Russia refuses to sell port to Iranian company
Russia's commission on foreign investment had rejected the request from a
Iranian company to buy a shipping port in Russia's Astrakhan due to
international sanctions against the country, local media reported on Tuesday.
Urgent: Oil rises on weaker dollar
Crude prices rebounded on Tuesday as the U.S. dollar sank. Light, sweet crude
for February delivery gained 49 cents to 91.49 dollars a barrel on the New York
Mercantile.
Snow continues to hamper NYC commuters
Commuters in New York City faced more headaches on Tuesday as subways, buses and
commuter trains continued to experience heavy delays due to Sunday's blizzard.
U.S. holiday season retail sales increase most since 2005
U.S. retail sales in this year's holiday shopping season grew by the biggest
margin in five years, according to survey results released on Tuesday.
Chile to invest 50 mln USD for South American Games 2014
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera said on Tuesday that he will invest 50
million US dollars to organize the 2014 South American Games in Santiago.
1st Ld-Writethru: Oil rises on weaker dollar, blizzard
Crude prices rebounded on Tuesday as the U.S. dollar sank and a blizzard boosted
heating oil demand.
Heavy snow paralyzes Danish holiday island
Bornholm, situated in the Baltic Sea as the easternmost point of Denmark, has
been hit hard by winter this year. Monday the authorities proclaimed a disaster
emergency situation. Many old people cannot get out of their houses or get food
and necessary medicine. And Tuesday arrived the first contractor's machinery to
clear roads for the feet high piles of snow that paralyzes traffic in most parts
of the island.
Urgent: Wall Street mixed on lackluster data
Wall Street closed mixed on Tuesday as worse-than-expected U.S. home prices and
consumer confidence limited the gains. The Dow and S&amp;P 500 rose, while the
Nasdaq slipped.
Senior Chinese, Russian diplomats hold talks on situation of
Korean Peninsula
Visiting Chinese Assistant Foreign Minister Cheng Guoping held talks with
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexei Borodavkin here on Tuesday, exchanging
views with the Russian side on the current situation of the Korean Peninsula.
China, Russia discusses situation of Korean Peninsula
Visiting Chinese Assistant Foreign Minister Cheng Guoping held talks with
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexei Borodavkin here on Tuesday, exchanging
views on the current situation of the Korean Peninsula.
Urgent: Dollar mixed as consumer confidence declines
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Tuesday as U. S. consumer confidence dropped unexpectedly in December.
3rd Ld-Writethru: Ski lift derailment injures several in
northeast U.S.
A ski lift derailed Tuesday at a ski resort on Sugarloaf Mountain in Northeast
U.S. state of Maine, and authorities had to rescue over 200 people stranded on
the lift. Several people were injured.
1st Ld-Writethru:  Wall Street mixed on lackluster data
Wall Street closed mixed on Tuesday as worse-than-expected U.S. home prices and
consumer confidence limited the gains led by energy stocks.
1st Ld-Writethru: Wall Street mixed on lackluster data
Wall Street closed mixed on Tuesday as worse-than-expected U.S. home prices and
consumer confidence limited the gains led by energy stocks.
1st LD Writethru: Dollar mixed as consumer confidence declines
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Tuesday as U. S. consumer confidence dropped unexpectedly in December.
Ariane 5's year-end mission hold due to windy weather
The year-end mission of Ariane 5 to orbit telecommunication satellites Hispasat
1E and Koreasat 6 on Tuesday was on hold due to windy weather at the launch
site, Arianespace announced during countdown.
Urgent: Ariane 5's year-end mission postponed due to windy
weather
The year-end mission of Ariane 5 to orbit telecommunication satellites Hispasat
1E and Koreasat 6 on Tuesday was postponed due to windy weather at the launch
site.
1st LD: Ariane 5's year-end mission postponed due to windy
weather
The year-end mission of Ariane 5 to orbit telecommunication satellites Hispasat
1E and Koreasat 6 on Tuesday was postponed due to windy weather at the launch
site.
2nd LD Writethru: Ariane 5's year-end mission postponed due to
windy weather
The year-end mission of Ariane 5 to orbit telecommunication satellites Hispasat
1E and Koreasat 6 on Tuesday was postponed due to windy weather at the launch
site in French Guiana.
Chicago corn futures hit 29-month high on South America weather
concerns
Chicago corn futures extended its winning streak to eight sessions Tuesday,
hitting the highest level since July 2008, on growing concerns over the
persistent dryness in Argentina, the world's third largest soybean exporter.
Soybean and wheat both rallied.
Berlin sees most snow in December since 1900s
German capital Berlin has experienced more snow this month than any other
December of past 110 years, as more bitter cold is expected in the country's
east, the German Weather Service (DWD) said Tuesday.
Roundup: Wall Street ends mixed, Dow hits 28-month high
Wall Street closed mixed on Tuesday as worse-than-expected U.S. home prices and
consumer confidence limited the gains led by energy stocks, despite the Dow
Jones industrial average hitting its 28-month high.
U.S. airlines raise fares as fuel prices climb
Several U.S. airlines said Tuesday that they are raising airfares on domestic
routes as air travel is boosted by the Christmas-New Year holiday season and the
industry is facing rising fuel prices.
News Analysis: Cote d'Ivoire at crossroads of war and peace
The presidents of Benin, Sierra Leone and Cape Verde were expected in Cote
d'Ivoire on Tuesday in a bid to end Abidjan's political deadlock with two
presidents ruling the single country.
Yearender: Latin America ends 2010 with economic recovery
by Jaime Lopez Castaneda
Stocks end mixed in Central America
Central America's three major bourses
Xinhua world news summary at 0010 GMT, Dec. 29
The year-end mission of Ariane 5 to orbit telecommunication satellites Hispasat
1E and Koreasat 6 on Tuesday was postponed due to windy weather at the launch
site.
Stocks close higher in Mexico, Argentina, Brazil
Latin America's three major bourses closed higher Tuesday.
23 people rescued in volcano area in El Salvador
At least 23 people were rescued early
Urgent: 11 killed in Russian military plane crash: Itar-Tass
A Russian military cargo plane crashed on Tuesday in an area in the country's
southwest near Moscow, leaving all the 11 crew members dead, the Itar-Tass news
agency reported early Wednesday.
CAF, IDB, WB hold most of Bolivia's debt
The Andean Development Corporation (CAF), the Inter-American Development Bank
(IDB) and the World Bank (WB) hold 72 percent of Bolivia's external debt from
January to November 2010, according to a report published on Tuesday by the
Bolivian Central Bank (BCB).
1st LD: 11 killed in Russian military plane crash
A Russian military cargo plane crashed on Tuesday in an area in the country's
southwest near Moscow, leaving all the 11 crew members dead, the Itar-Tass news
agency reported early Wednesday.
Non-profit group launches project to treat U.S. veterans
suffering from PTSD
U.S. VETS, a Los Angeles-based nonprofit veterans group, launched a project on
Tuesday to identify and treat combat veterans suffering from post traumatic
stress disorder (PTSD).
Brazil's industry confidence highest in six months
Brazil's industry confidence reached 114.5 points in December, marking a peak in
six months, the Getulio Vargas Foundation (FGV) announced Tuesday.
Mexico gov't warns of freezing temperatures
Mexico's National Meteorological Service (SMN) said Tuesday the country could
experience temperatures below -5 degrees Celsius due to freezing air coming in
from its northern neighbor, the United States.
Panamanian president won't run for reelection: vice president
Panamanian President Ricardo Martinelli won't run for a second term, Vice
President Juan Carlos Varela said Tuesday.
Salvadorian FM stresses ties with Cuba
Salvadorian Foreign Minister Hugo Martinez Tuesday stressed the importance of
diplomatic ties with Cuba in a local newspaper.
Brazil may not reach 2010 fiscal target: finance minister
Various sectors in Brazil, including the private sector, have difficulty in
meeting the fiscal target for 2010, Finance Minister Guido Mantega said Tuesday.
Overcrowding shuts Disneyland for 2 straight days
Two of southern California's most popular resorts were forced to shut their
gates to holiday visitors for two straight days Tuesday, as an overwhelming
number of mass descended upon Disneyland and Disney California Adventure to
enjoy their time there.
Brazil registered best online Christmas sales in history
Online Christmas sales in Brazil reached 2.2 billion reais (1.3 billion U.S.
dollars) in 2010, up 40 percent from the same period last year, a Sao Paulo-
based consulting company e-bit said on Tuesday.
Guatemala reports 6-percent decline in murder rate
Guatemala has seen 6,502 murders this year up to Dec. 25, a drop of about 6
percent compared to last year, according to news reaching here on Monday.
Mexican university develops new hurricane prediction technology
The state-run National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) said Tuesday it
had developed a new hurricane prediction technology.
Yearender: Gulf of Mexico oil spill makes most headlines in 2010,
teaches costly  lesson
by Chen Yu
Brazil's Lula praises successor
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Tuesday President-elect Dilma
Rousseff will do an outstanding job in continuing the work started in his
administration.
New York airports reopen after blizzard
Three major airports in the New York area resumed operation on Monday evening
after the heaviest snow in six decades paralysed the city's air traffic.
2nd LD: 11 killed in Russian military plane crash
A Russian military cargo plane crashed on Tuesday in an area in the country's
southwest near Moscow, leaving all the 11 crew members dead, the Itar-Tass news
agency reported early Wednesday.
Urgent: Iran executes man spying for Israel
Iran on Tuesday morning hanged a man accused of working for Israel's Mossad in
Tehran, the semi- official Mehr news agency reported.
UN mission to assist humanitarian aid for Colombia
A UN mission is now in Colombia to facilitate humanitarian aid for the country's
rain victims, the Colombian government said Tuesday.
1st LD: Iran executes man spying for Israel
Iran on Tuesday morning hanged a man convicted of working for Israel's Mossad in
Tehran, the semi- official Mehr news agency reported.
Brazil's central government's primary surplus up 72 percent in
2010
The accumulated surplus of Brazil's central government in the first 11 months of
2010 grew 72 percent from the same period last year, the Treasury Department
said on Tuesday.
Staph food poisoning sickens 100 people in U.S.
Staph food poisoning has sickened about 100 people in the United States in the
past two months, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said Monday.
Brazilians' dental health improved since 2003: report
Brazilians' dental health has improved since 2003, the Health Ministry said
Tuesday.
Northern Mexican town's only police officer kidnapped
The only police officer of a northern Mexican border town Guadalupe, Chihuahua
State, was kidnapped by a group of gunmen last Thursday, local authorities
announced Monday.
Commentary: China's dual role: world beneficiary and contributor
by Wang Fan
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 28
Brazil's first female President-elect, Dilma Rousseff, will be inaugurated here
Saturday, with some 30 international dignitaries due to attend the swearing-in
ceremony, Brazil's official media said Monday.
Self-employment opportunities draw jobless Cubans
Unemployed Cubans were keen to seize the self-employment opportunities presented
to them, as for the first time in decades private-sector jobs are allowed in the
island country.
German stocks open mixed
German stocks opened mixed Tuesday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Dec. 29
Australia experienced one of the strongest housing markets in the world during
2010, new research showed on Wednesday.
Ecuadorian president meets Chinese state councilor on ties
Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa on Monday met visiting Chinese State
Councilor Liu Yandong to promote the relations between the two countries.
One killed, two others injured in Chicago shooting
A shooting in northwest Chicago Tuesday afternoon left an 18-year-old man dead
and two others seriously injured, Chicago police said.
3rd LD: 12 killed in Russian military plane crash
A Russian military cargo plane crashed on Tuesday in an area in the country's
southwest near Moscow, leaving all the 12 crew members dead, the Itar-Tass news
agency reported early Wednesday.
Kyrgyzstan willing to join Customs Union: new PM
Kyrgyzstan is interested in joining the Customs Union and Common Economic Space
(CES), visiting Kyrgyz Prime Minister Almazbek Atambayev told Sergei Naryshkin,
head of Kremlin administration, here Tuesday.
6.3-magnitude quake hits south of Fiji Islands -- USGS
An earthquake measuring 6.3 on the Richter scale jolted south of the Fiji
Islands at 08:34:17 GMT on Tuesday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Urgent: Russian former senator sentenced life imprisonment for
terrorism
Moscow city court sentenced a former senator of Republic of Bashkortostan life
imprisonment on charge of terrorism, local media reported on Tuesday.
French debt reaches 81.5 pct of GDP in Q3 end
France's gross debt reached 1,574.6 billion euros (2,082.3 billion U.S. dollars)
at the end of the third quarter of 2010, amounting to 81.5 percent of whole
national output, the state statistics bureau Insee said on Tuesday.
France's Q3 growth rate revised down: Insee
The French national statistics bureau Insee on Tuesday saw France's quarterly
growth rate expanding by 0.3 percent, slightly lower than a previous estimation
of 0.4 percent.
1st LD Writethru: Russian former senator sentenced life
imprisonment for terrorism
Moscow city court sentenced a former member of the Federal Council, the upper
house of Russia's parliament, life imprisonment on charge of terrorism, local
media reported on Tuesday.
Feature: New York grinds to a halt in heaviest snow in six
decades
The most severe blizzard in 60 years, making its way across New York City since
Sunday, has created chaos for the city's commuters.
Energy prices to rise in Spain in New Year
Spaniards face steep rises in energy costs after the Government Commission for
Economic Affairs decided that the price of electricity will rise by 9.8 percent
on Jan. 1.
Russia urges soccer fans to restrain in games
Football fans should display self- controls to keep the matches' order, Russian
Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliyev told a conference here convened to discuss
the security situations during the sporting events, Interfax news agency
reported on Tuesday.
Spain, Russia expel each other's diplomats
Spain expelled two Russian diplomats for engaging activities incompatible with
their status, while Russia also expelled two Spanish diplomats, Spanish
newspaper El Pais reported Tuesday.
France's Total looks to China for business deals
French giant oil company Total, which plans to spend more next year to bolster
its market share, is looking to China to improve businesses in Asia, a local
daily reported on Tuesday.
Turkish hackers target Greek Cypriot websites following attack on
their basketball  team
Turkish hackers have taken more than 100 Greek Cypriot websites offline in the
past two days in revenge for an attack on Turkish basketball players in Nicosia
last week, local media reported on Tuesday.
German Chancellor Merkel to visit Cyprus
NICOSIA, Dec. 28 (Xinhua)- German Chancellor Angela Merkel will pay a short
working visit to Cyprus on Jan. 11, the Cyprus government announced Tuesday.
Kazakh president meets Chinese FM on promoting ties
Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev met with Chinese Foreign Minister Yang
Jiechi here on Tuesday to boost relations between the two countries.
Bodies of 3 Chinese dead in Russian refinery blast found, 2 still
missing
The bodies of three Chinese workers killed in Monday's oil refinery blast have
been found, while the other two Chinese are still missing, the Chinese Consulate
in Irkutsk told Xinhua on Tuesday.
Russia slashes Western pressure on tycoons' trial
Russia's Foreign Ministry Tuesday criticized the attempts of several Western
countries to exert pressure on the cases of former tycoons Mikhail Khodorkovsky
and Platon Lebedev, saying the attempts were "unacceptable."
Russia gives no comment on expulsion reports of diplomats with
Spain
The Russian Foreign Ministry declined to comment on a report saying Russia had
expelled two Spanish diplomats in retaliation for the expulsion of two Russian
diplomats in Madrid, local media reported on Tuesday.
U.S. home prices in 20 cities drop faster in October
U.S. home prices in 20 cities nationwide including New York, Miami and Boston
registered faster drop in October from September, a leading measure for the U.S.
residential housing market showed on Tuesday.
Enraged drug buyer fires shots at Tbilisi drug store
A customer who was refused sales of prescription drugs as over-the-counter drugs
shot with a rifle at the drug store on Tuesday and was later detained.
Thousands of passengers still stranded in Moscow's airports
Thousands of passengers remain stranded in Moscow's major airports on Tuesday
due to the icy rain that swept the entire central Russia during the weekend.
Urgent: Belarusian president names new prime minister
Belarus' re-elected President Alexander Lukashenko Tuesday named Mikhail
Myasnikovich, an academician, as the country's new prime minister.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 28
Spain expelled two Russian diplomats for engaging activities incompatible with
their status, while Russia also expelled two Spanish diplomats, Spanish
newspaper El Pais reported Tuesday. (Spain-Russia-Ties)
Spain downplays diplomatic expulsions with Russia
The Spanish government on Tuesday tried to downplay Russia's recent decision of
expelling two Spanish diplomats.
Bowyer's late goal gives Birmingham draw with Man United
Lee Bowyer's late leveller enabled Birmingham City to draw 1-1 with Manchester
United at St Andrew's so as to climb out of the bottom three in Premier League.
French striker Bellion returns to Nice on loan
French striker David Bellion went back to one of his former clubs Nice on loan
for the rest of the season on Tuesday from French ligue one sides Bordeaux.
China sweep top five in women's event at Tour of Ski China
Chinese swept the top five positions in the women's 3.6 kilometers race at Tour
of Ski China 2010 here on Wednesday.
Sharapova arrives in New Zealand
World's most recognized tennis star Maria Sharapova arrived in New Zealand's
largest city of Auckland on Tuesday for the ASB Classic tennis tournament.
Results of 2010-2011 NHL on Dec. 27
Following are the results of 2010-2011 National Hockey League (NHL) games on
Monday (home team in CAPS):
2011 Vuelta de Espana to start in Benidorm
The hundreds of thousands of tourists who flock to the Spanish coastal resort of
Benidorm every year will have a further incentive to visit the town with the
announcement that the 2011 edition of the Vuelta de Espana cycle race will start
in the city.
Myanmar to take part in Asian 6-Red Snooker Championship
Myanmar snooker players will take part in the 1st Asian 6-Red Snooker
Championship to be held in Thailand in February, 2011, the local Messenger News
reported Tuesday.
Russia urges soccer fans to restrain in games
Russian soccer fans have been told to behave well when they watch games,
Interfax news agency reported on Tuesday.
China names squad for Asian Cup
The Chinese Football Association Tuesday named a 23-man squad for the Asian Cup
to be held next month in Qatar.
England on brink of Ashes triumph against Australia
England is on the verge of retaining the Ashes for the first time since 1987,
after rolling through Australia in the last session of the third day at the
Melbourne Cricket Ground on Tuesday.
Heilongjiang edge out Beijing in WCBA
Ji Yanyan scored only 19 points but Heilongjiang was still able to beat Beijing
82-74 on Tueaday in the 8th round of the Chinese Women's Basketball League
(WCBA).
Dutch speed skating legend Timmer retires
Dutch speed skating legend Marianne Timmer put an end to her career on Tuesday.
Esperance Sportive de Tunis appoints new coach
Esperance Sportive de Tunis has appointed former Tunisian national team coach
Nabil Maaloul as the new head coach to replace Maher Kanzari, a source close to
the Tunisian League One club said.
Beijing experiences snowless winter amid lingering drought
As snow is wreaking havoc across much of the northern hemisphere, the Chinese
capital is still anxiously waiting its first snowfall for this winter.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 28
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 28:
Chinese vice premier stresses finance work's role in macro
control
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang has said finance should play a vital role in the
country's macro control policies, while ensuring and improving people's
livelihoods should be the priority of public finance.
Chinese mainland, Taiwan, Filipino police bust phone fraud ring
Police authorities from the Chinese mainland, Taiwan and the Philippines have
jointly uncovered a phone fraud ring, the Ministry of Public Security said
Tuesday.
China's leading Tibet-related website launches new English
version
BEIJING, Dec. 29 (Xinhua) - China Tuesday launched a new English version of its
leading multilingual website dedicated to Tibet- related topics, seeking to
provide more coverage of ordinary Tibetans.
China's Wall Street woos leading overseas professionals
Shanghai's Pudong district, dubbed as China's Wall Street, plans to woo more
outstanding professionals from overseas to help sharpen the zone's innovative
edge, said a human resources official Tuesday.
China to enforce new regulations on e-waste recycling
BEIJING, Dec. 29 (Xinhua) - Offenders of China's new regulations on waste
electronic equipment could face fines up to 500,000 yuan (75,450 U.S. dollar),
after it becomes effective on Saturday.
China's yuan strengthens against USD for 9th consecutive day
The value of yuan gained as the central parity rate of Renminbi, China's
currency, was set at 6.6247 per U.S. dollar Wednesday, compared with Tuesday's
6.6252, according to data released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading System.
Chinese shares open higher Wednesday
Chinese shares opened higher Wednesday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index up 0.09 percent or 2.49 points to 2,735.48 at the opening.
ChiNext Index opens slightly higher Wednesday
ChiNext Index was up 0.34 points to open at 1,091.82 points Wednesday.
China stock index futures open lower Wednesday
China's stock index futures opened lower Wednesday. The contract for settlement
in January 2011, the most actively traded, opened 20.2 points lower at 3,070.
Hong Kong stocks open up 0.46 pct
Hong Kong stocks rose 103.65 points, or 0.46 percent, to open at 22,725.38 on
Wednesday.
Gold price opens higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong went up 117 HK dollars to open at 13,005 HK dollars
per tael on Wednesday,according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
China Exclusive: Emission control green revolution in
impoverished Chinese regions
Suyalatu, a shepherd in northern China's Inner Mongolia, interpreted China's
emission control policy in his own way: it saved him the trouble of combing soot
off his sheep.
Guangzhou plans to continue traffic restriction measure
The southern Chinese city of Guangzhou plans to continue the traffic restriction
measure that had kept up to 800,000 cars off the roads a day during the Asian
Games and the Asian Para Games, the China Daily reported.
Chinese shares close mixed at midday Wednesday
China's stocks closed mixed in the morning trading session Wednesday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index edging up 2.83 points, or 0.1 percent, to
close at 2,735.82 points.
Chinese, English versions of China's 2010 yearbook published
Chinese and English versions of the 2010 Yearbook of the People's Republic of
China (PRC) have been published in China and abroad.
SW China villagers paid record compensation for wild elephant
attacks
A village in southwest China's Yunnan Province was paid record compensation
Tuesday for the wild elephant attacks it suffered this year.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.91 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved down 208. 86 points, or 0.91 percent to close Tuesday's
morning session at 22,624.94 points.
Chinese mainland to implement ECFA tariff reductions as
scheduled: spokesman
The Chinese mainland will implement tariff reductions on goods and services as
listed in the early harvest program of the cross-Strait Economic Cooperation
Framework Agreement (ECFA) as scheduled, a mainland spokesman said here
Wednesday.
Human activity threatens rare monkeys in southwest China
Human activity is destroying the habitat of the wild grey snub-nosed monkey, a
critically- endangered species in southwest China's Guizhou Province,
conservationists said Tuesday.
China's largest gold miner apologizes, donates 7.5 mln USD for
fatal dam breach
China's largest gold miner Zijin Mining has expressed "deep sorrow and regret"
and decided to donate 50 million yuan (7.5 million U.S. dollars) regarding the
casualties and loss of property following a dam overflow in September when a
typhoon hit southern Guangdong province, the company said on Tuesday.
Hong Kong reports 2 wildfires; Red fire warning issued
Hong Kong reported two wildfires accidents on Tuesday morning in the city's New
Territories, and the Hong Kong Observatory issued Red Fire Danger Warning, which
meant fire danger situation is red and fire risk is extreme.
Feature: Breaking barriers
by Wu Chen, China Features
China Exclusive: In world first, one-mln-kW air-cooling system
starts chilling clean-coal  power plant in NW China
In a world first, a one-million- kilowatt (kW) air-cooling system attached to an
ultra- supercritical coal-fired power plant in a remote part of northwest China
began operating Tuesday.
China's stocks close down Tuesday
China's stocks slid for a fifth day Tuesday as market expectations for further
rate hikes from the central bank to trim down inflation stayed.
Chinese FM to visit U.S.
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi will visit the United States from Jan. 3 to
7, 2011, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said here Tuesday.
Shanghai stock indices down -- Dec. 28
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,735.22 points Tuesday, down 46.18 points, or 1.66 percent, from the
previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices down -- Dec. 28
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed lower Tuesday
to end at 12,063.80 points, down 239.39 points, or 1.95 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes down -- Dec. 28
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at 3,044.93 points Tuesday, down 54.78 points, or 1.77
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes down -- Dec. 28
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1, fell
13.81 points, or 1.25 percent, to close at 1,091.48 Tuesday.
Chinese vice premier to visit Spain, Germany, UK
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang will visit Spain, Germany and the UK from Jan.4
to 12, said Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu here Tuesday.
1st LD-Writethru: Chinese FM to visit U.S.to prepare for Hu's
visit
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi will visit the United States to make
preparations for a scheduled trip there by President Hu Jintao, the Foreign
Ministry said Tuesday.
China stock index futures close down -- Dec. 28
China's stock index futures closed down Tuesday with the contract for January
2011, the most actively traded, down 2.11 percent from the previous trading day
to end at 3,074.2 points.
Chinese envoy to attend Brazil's presidential handover ceremony
A Chinese special envoy will attend Brazil's presidential handover ceremony on
Jan. 1, said Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu Tuesday.
China's central SOEs profits to hit 1 trillion yuan: SASAC
official
Profits of China's centrally- administered  state-owned enterprises (SOEs) will
hit 1 trillion yuan (150.94 billion U.S. dollars) this year, a government
official said Tuesday.
China builds quake museum to mourn 80,000 killed in 2008
earthquake
China started Tuesday to build a quake museum to commemorate the devastating
Wenchuan earthquake in 2008 which left more than 80,000 people dead or missing.
1st LD-Writethru: China stocks fall for fifth day
China's stocks slid for a fifth day Tuesday as market expectations for further
rate hikes from the central bank to trim down inflation stayed.
Taiwan stocks close down 0.24 percent
Taiwan's share prices closed lower Tuesday with the weighted index down 21.55
points, or 0.24 percent, to close at 8,870.76, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
China completes main parts for first homegrown large passenger
jet
An aviation company in northwest China's Shaanxi Province Tuesday finished
producing the wings, wing flaps and other components to be used in China's first
homegrown large passenger jet, the C919.
Thousands stranded as heavy fog shrouds southwest China region
Thousands of travelers were stranded Tuesday in southwest China's Sichuan
Province as heavy fog forced authorities to shut down a dozen highways and a
regional airport for more than seven hours.
South Africa's accession to BRIC good for emerging economies:
China
China on Tuesday said South Africa's accession to the BRIC, which currently
includes Brazil, Russia, India and China, will boost cooperation between
emerging economies.
China sets first round of 2011 rare earth export quotas
China has set its first round of 2011 rare earth export quotas at 14,446 tonnes,
the Ministry of Commerce said in a statement posted on its website Tuesday.
China's anti-corruption still a tough job, says central
leadership
China's anti-corruption still faces severe challenges, and the authorities have
urged new achievements in clean governance to embrace the Communist Party's 90th
founding anniversary next year, according to an official statement.
China, DPRK upgrade hydropower station on border river
A planned explosion blasted apart a dam spanning the Yalu River, a border river
between China and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), Tuesday as
work crews from the two countries race to upgrade a dilapidated hydropower
station.
HK's total exports up 16.6 percent in November
The value of Hong Kong's total exports and imports of goods recorded year-on-
year increases of 16. 6 percent and 16.4 percent in November, said the
statistical authority on Tuesday.
Hong Kong International Airport celebrates new traffic milestones
Hong Kong International Airport (HKIA) announced Tuesday its passenger volume
and cargo tonnage have exceeded the 50 million and 4 million marks,
respectively, for the first time, setting new traffic milestones.
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.93 pct
Hong Kong stocks closed down 212. 07 points, or 0.93 percent, at 22,621.73 on
Tuesday.
6.3-magnitude earthquake jolts Fiji
An earthquake measuring 6.3 on the Richter scale jolted south of the Fiji
Islands at 16:34 Tuesday Beijing Time (0834 GMT), according to the China
Earthquake Networks Center.
1st LD Writethru: China sets first round of 2011 rare earth
export quotas
China has set its first round of 2011 rare earth export quotas at 14,446 tonnes,
the Ministry of Commerce said in a statement posted on its website Tuesday.
Fog, snow shuts expressways in W. China
Heavy fog closed sections of five expressways in southwest China's Sichuan
Province, while snow forced two expressways to close in western Xinjiang on
Tuesday.
1st LD-Writethru: 6.3-magnitude earthquake jolts Fiji
An earthquake measuring 6.3 on the Richter scale jolted south of the Fiji
Islands at 16:34 Tuesday Beijing Time (0834 GMT), according to the China
Earthquake Networks Center.
1st LD Writethru: Thousands stranded as heavy fog shrouds
southwest China region
Thousands of travelers were stranded Tuesday in southwest China's Sichuan
Province as heavy fog forced authorities to shut down a dozen highways and a
regional airport for more than seven hours.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 28
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 28:
Six officials sacked after 14 school kids die in traffic accident
in central China
Six education and traffic officials were sacked Tuesday after 14 schoolchildren
were killed in a traffic accident in central China's Hunan Province, local
authorities said.
Ministry stresses road safety for schoolchildren after deadly
accident
The Chinese Ministry of Education on Tuesday urged all education departments and
schools to take steps to ensure traffic safety among schoolchildren, after 14
students were killed in an accident in central China on Monday.
Roundup: HK shares end lower, led by developers
Hong Kong shares fell Tuesday, with developers leading the decline, after the
weekend interest rate hike of the Chinese mainland sent the domestic markets
lower and raised expectations of further tightening measures in the mainland to
curb inflation.
China's crude oil self-sufficiency 45 pct in 2010, NDRC expects
China's self-sufficiency in crude oil is expected to be 45 percent in 2010, the
National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), the nation's top economic
planner, said Tuesday.
China Enterprises Index downs 1.07 pct -- Dec. 28
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index fell 133.35 points, or 1.07 percent, to
close at 12,309.59 Tuesday.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong rose 40 HK dollars to close at 12,888 HK dollars per
tael Tuesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
China sets up first state-level yuan FOF
China on Tuesday established its first state-level yuan-based fund of funds
(FOF) with its total value to reach 60 billion yuan (about 9 billion U.S.
dollars).
China-Vietnam trade up 42.4 pct in first 10 months: official
Trade volume between China and Vietnam in the first 10 months climbed 42.4
percent from a year earlier to 23.12 billion U.S. dollars, a Chinese official
said here Tuesday.
China to end tax incentives for small-engine vehicles in 2011
China will resume levying a 10 percent purchase tax on vehicles with engine
sizes of 1.6 liters or less beginning in 2011 as the country rebounds from the
financial crisis and the economy has regained its rapid growth, the Ministry of
Finance (MOF) said Tuesday.
China revises Q3 capital account surplus up to 15.2 bln dollars
China revised its third-quarter capital and financial account surplus to 15.2
billion U.S. dollars, up from the previous 5.7 billion, according to the foreign
exchange regulator.
China has sister-city relations with 1,743 cities around the
world
China has established sister-city relations with 1,743 cities and states from
127 countries since 1973, said Li Xiaolin, vice president of the Chinese
People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries (CPAFFC) Tuesday.
China's freeways extend 74,000 kilometers
China has built 33,000 kilometers of new freeways over the past five years,
taking the country's total to 74,000 kilometers, the country's top
transportation official said Tuesday.
First high speed railway in northeast China to open in 2011
A high speed railway linking two major cities in northeast China is expected to
open in late 2011 as part of the nation's aggressive efforts to build a fast
rail network across the country.
Defense minister says China has 510,000 in military reserves
Chinese Minister of National Defense said on Tuesday it had reduced the
country's military reserves forces from 600,000 to 510,000 men and women over
the past five years.
Trees planted in China to neutralize carbon emissions of UN
conference
A newly planted forest will neutralize carbon dioxide emissions from a UN
climate change conference as China ups its efforts to combat climate change, an
official said here Tuesday.
HK resumes poultry import from Japan
Hong Kong resumed accepting applications for poultry imports from Japan, with
exception of Shimane Prefecture, where an outbreak of avian influenza H5 was
reported earlier this month, regional authorities said Tuesday.
HK's mortgage loans rise 11 pct in November
New residential mortgage loans drawn down during November rose 11.1 percent to
27.9 billion HK dollars compared with October, the Monetary Authority of Hong
Kong announced on Tuesday.
Visitor arrivals in Hong Kong increase 22.5 pct in first 11
months
Visitor arrivals in Hong Kong in the first 11 months of 2010 increased 22.5
percent year on year, the Hong Kong Tourism Board announced Tuesday.
Macao's visitor arrivals exceed 2 mln in November
Macao had over two million visitor arrivals  in November 2010, up 6.5 percent
over the same month of last year, regional authorities said Tuesday.
Newly-arrived panda pair settling down in Macao
A pair of giant pandas, given by China's central government as gifts to the
Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR), are getting accustomed to their new
habitat, the Civic and Municipal Affairs Bureau said on Tuesday.
First Chinese to take up post at World Customs Organization
China's General Administration of Customs (GAC) said Tuesday that one of its
officers, Zhu Gaozhang, would take office as director of the Compliance and
Facilitation Directorate of the World Customs Organization (WCO) on Jan.1, 2011.
CPC stresses efforts to address problems public complain about
most
The Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee met
Tuesday in a meeting on anti-corruption, demanding greater efforts in addressing
problems the masses complained about most and fighting corruption among
grassroots officials.
Urgent: Suicide bombings hit police base in Iraq's Mosul
At least two suicide bombers attacked Wednesday a police commando base in the
city of Mosul, the capital of Iraq's northern province of Nineveh, killing and
wounding dozens, police said.
1st LD: Suicide bombings hit police base in Iraq's Mosul
Two suicide bombers on Wednesday blew themselves up inside a police commando
base in the city of Mosul, the capital of Iraq's northern province of Nineveh,
killing the commander of the base and three policemen, a provincial police
source said.
China's shipping company taps into Turkish market
China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (COSCO), China's largest shipping group,
has been strengthening its foothold in Turkey since entering the market in 1996.
Tunisian president warns of social unrest
Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali on Tuesday warned of the social
unrest triggered by the attempted suicide of an unemployed man in Tunisia's
southern city of Sidi Bouzid.
Roundup: Palestinian diplomacy over recognition of independent
state begins
by Saud Abu Ramadan
Hamas calls for more donation to rebuild Gaza
Hamas on Wednesday called on Arab states to help rebuild houses and government
institutions in the Gaza Strip.
Jordan's stock market index closes higher
The shares price index of Jordan's Amman stock market closed at 2,373 points on
Wednesday, increasing by eight points from Tuesday's finish.
Egypt's stock exchange indices close mixed
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 7,076.57 points on Wednesday, up
0.7 percent from previous close, while EGX70, the broader stock market index,
ended 0.24 percent lower at 721.65 points.
3 Kurdish rebels killed in southeast Turkey: military
Turkish military said Wednesday that three members of the outlawed Kurdish
Workers' Party (PKK) were killed in an operation in southeast Turkey.
Israeli army ups alertness along Gaza border following skirmishes
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has intensified operational readiness along the
Israel-Gaza Strip border following a clash on Tuesday night in which one
Palestinian militant was killed and several civilians wounded.
EU to grant PNA 31 mln USD to develop national institutions
The European Union will grant 31 million U.S. dollars to the Palestinian
National Authority (PNA) to develop its national institutions.
EU to grant Syria 7 mln U.S. dollars
Head of the EU Delegation to Syria Vassilis Bontosoglou and Syrian Minister of
Labor Diala Haj Aref signed here on Tuesday a finance agreement worth 7 million
U. S. dollars to strengthen the social welfare system in Syria, local Al-Watan
news website reported Wednesday.
Poll shows Israeli public increasingly pessimistic about Mideast
peace
The Israeli public has increasingly grown pessimistic about the prospect of
peace with the Palestinians, with 68 percent surveyed opine that the notion of
two states for two peoples will not realize in their lifetime, according to a
poll published on Wednesday.
Tel Aviv stock exchange index closes higher
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange general share index closed at 1,086.88 points on
Wednesday, up 17. 16 points from Tuesday's close.
Sudanese president sets deadline for Darfur peace talks
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has set Thursday as the deadline for signing a
peace agreement over the Darfur conflicts through the Qatar-hosted peace talks.
Feature: Fighting females take on tough Israeli combat roles
by Gur Salomon
Syria, India inaugurate joint informatics center in Damascus
Syria and India inaugurated here Wednesday the Syrian-Indian Center for
Informatics, local official SANA news agency reported.
Iranians thwart post-election riots of 2009: supreme leader
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Wednesday that Iranians
thwarted the riots after the presidential elections in 2009, the official IRNA
news agency reported.
Ancient church unearthed in Syria
Syrian archeologists have discovered church remains dating back to the 5th
century B.C., in Daraa province, south of the capital Damascus, Syrian official
SANA news agency reported Wednesday.
Gulf Arab markets gain slightly
Gulf Arab markets gained slightly on
Turkey's year-end growth to be around 6.8 percent: PM
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Wednesday that Turkey is
expected to end the year 2010 with a 6.8 percent growth rate.
Lebanese FM summons British ambassador on Hague's remarks
Lebanese Foreign Minister Ali Shami Tuesday summoned British Ambassador to
Lebanon Francis Guy to inquire about his British counterpart's comments earlier
this month about possible turmoil erupting in Lebanon.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 29
Gaza -- The Palestinian leadership will start soon a series of diplomatic
activities to gain more international support for promoting the suspended peace
process, officials announced on Wednesday.
Australian dollar at new 28-year high
The Australian dollar on Thursday rose to a new 28-year high, of 101.83 U.S.
cents, after a successful auction of U.S. Treasury bonds.
Dollar at upper 81 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the upper 81 yen level early Thursday in Tokyo.
Tourist police formed to secure influx of Chinese students in S.
Philippine city
Due to the anticipated influx of Chinese students next year, civilian and police
authorities of a southern Philippine city have agreed to the formation of a
special police unit to provide the foreigners ample security while in the
country, officials said on Thursday.
Soldier dead, another wounded in S. Philippines grenade attack
A Filipino soldier was killed while another was wounded in grenade attack staged
by suspected Muslim militants on Wednesday night, police said on Thursday.
S. Korea's current account surplus shrinks in November
South Korea's current account surplus narrowed significantly in November as
imports of raw materials increased and semiconductor exports declined, the
central bank said Thursday.
S. Korea confirms additional case of foot-and-mouth disease
South Korea Thursday confirmed an additional case of foot-and-mouth disease,
despite extensive quarantine efforts to contain the spread of the highly
contagious disease.
7 Thais appear in Cambodian court facing alleged charge of
illegal entry
Seven Thai nationals including at least one Thai lawmakers appeared before Phnom
Penh  Municipal Court at 9 a.m. on Thursday morning to face charges of allegedly
trespassing on Cambodian territory in Banteay Meanchey province while inspecting
the countries' shared border.
Australia's Jetstar passenger aircraft targeted in laser attack
A powerful laser tracked an Australia's Jetstar Airways passenger aircraft on
Wednesday for about 10 kilometers as it was going to land in Newcastle, in the
New South Wales (NSW) Hunter region of Australia, Australian Associated Press
(AAP) reported on Thursday.
More Singapore SMEs borrowing to buy property
More small-and-medium enterprises (SMEs) in Singapore are borrowing to buy
property, a local newspaper reported Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: 7 Thai trespassers be charged with illegal
entry: court source
Seven Thai nationals including at least one Thai lawmakers appeared before Phnom
Penh  Municipal Court at 9 a.m. on Thursday morning to face charges of allegedly
trespassing on Cambodian territory in Banteay Meanchey province while inspecting
the countries' shared border.
China's steel trading firm listed in ASX
A leading Chinese steel trading firm managed to get listed in Australian
Securities Exchange (ASX) on Thursday, as the market opened the trading day at
11 a.m. of Sydney local time.
Dollar at lower 81 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the lower 81 yen level Thursday morning in Tokyo,
hitting a fresh seven-week low.
Australian Navy ship leaves for Middle East on anti-piracy
mission
The Australian Navy ship HMAS Stuart with 190 Australian sailors on board left
Sydney on Thursday for the Middle East on a six-month anti-piracy mission,
according to the Australian Associated Press (AAP) report.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,274.12 points Thursday 18.09 points
higher from previous close of 20,256.03 points on investors' optimism.
Traffic congestion causes 1.68 bln USD loss annually in
Bangladesh's capital
Traffic congestion in Bangladesh's capital Dhaka causes a loss of about 1.68
billion U.S. dollars a year, an official said.
Indonesia's central bank limits short-term foreign loans to 30
pct
Indonesian central bank, the Bank Indonesia (BI), announced 23 new policies that
are expected to strengthen the nation's monetary and financial stability, some
of which will reduce foreign currency liquidity in the midst of surging capital
inflows, local media reported here on Thursday.
Indonesia opens 11 representative offices worldwide
Indonesia's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday opened 11 representative offices
worldwide, aiming to increase bilateral relationship and to dig economic
potentials, among others.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 29
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak on Wednesday hinted at a more flexible
stance on resuming stalled nuclear disarmament talks involving the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
No need to extend UN mission in Nepal's term: minister
Minister for Peace and Reconstruction Rakam Chemjong said here Wednesday that
there is no need to extend the term of United Nations Mission in Nepal (UNMIN).
Sydney New Year's Eve celebrations to inject 152 mln USD into
Australian economy
Sydney's New Year's Eve celebrations would bring in more than 150 million AU
dollars (152 million U.S. dollars) for the New South Wales (NSW) economy in
Australia, said NSW Premier Kristina Keneally on Wednesday.
Taliban facilitator captured in S. Afghanistan: NATO
Afghan and NATO-led forces have captured a Taliban facilitator along with
several suspected insurgents during a joint security operation in Taliban
birthplace Kandahar province of southern Afghanistan on Tuesday, the military
alliance said Wednesday.
Myanmar strategic express highway put into service
A major strategic express highway, Yangon-Nay Pyi Taw-Mandalay, that links
Myanmar's north and south, was formally put into service Wednesday following the
inauguration on the same day of the 243-kilometer sectional highway linking Nay
Pyi Taw and Mandalay.
Record numbers of travelers use Incheon International Airport
Total passenger traffic at Incheon International Airport this year surpassed 30
million for the first time since its opening in 2001, the airport's immigration
office said Wednesday.
Taliban hideout smashed, 4 killed in N. Afghanistan: official
Afghan forces backed by NATO-led troops have smashed Taliban hideout in northern
Kunduz province and killed four insurgents, provincial police chief Abdul Rahman
Syedkhili said Wednesday.
S. Korean unification minister encourages Pyongyang to open up
South Korea's Unification Ministry called Wednesday on the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea ( DPRK) to follow in China's footsteps in opening up the
country to the outside world.
12 sailors missing after Vietnam's cargo ship sinks
Twelve sailors were missing Wednesday after a Vietnamese cargo ship sank in
waters off the country's southern Kien Giang province, the Vietnamese news
website Vnexpress reported Wednesday.
Indonesia close to have contraception tool for men
Indonesia is close to have contraception tool for men as the country has been
examining the benefit of a local plant that is allegedly capable to control
birth, an official said here on Wednesday.
Sri Lanka to hold first local elections after war
Sri Lanka is to hold local elections across the island in March, the first time
after the country's longstanding civil war ended in May 2009, said Deputy
Minister of Local Government and Provincial Councils Indika Bandaranayake
Wednesday.
6.6 magnitude earthquake strikes off Vanuatu
An earthquake measuring 6.6 on the Richter scale struck off the Pacific island
country of Vanuatu on Wednesday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
South Korean shares end up on machinery, brokerage gains
South Korean stocks closed higher on Wednesday, supported by machinery and
brokerage gains, overcoming ex-dividend effect during the day, local analysts
said.
Thai FM confirms arrest of seven Thais by Cambodian soldiers
The government will send representatives to negotiate with Cambodia after
Cambodian soldiers arrested seven Thais, including a Democrat MP and a pro-
establishment "yellow-shirt" activist, Foreign Minister Kasit Piromya said on
Wednesday.
Indonesia needs demography ministry: expert
Indonesia needs a demography ministry to coordinate tasks related to demographic
things as the country is facing a population boom, an expert said here on
Wednesday.
S. Korea to seek strengthened military deterrence against DPRK:
defense
South Korea will further enhance its effort to deter military provocation of the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), especially its security threats
directed at western border islands and the capital region, the defense ministry
said Wednesday.
Dollar trades in around 82 yen line in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar weakened to around the 82 yen line Wednesday in Tokyo.
Philippines to remain policy rates steady
Philippine monetary officials said Wednesday they're keeping key policy interest
rates steady on expectations that inflation rates will be within target for this
year and even for the coming two years.
Urgent: Suicide attack rocks Afghan town, casualties feared
A suicide bomber blew himself up in Sharana city, the capital of eastern Paktika
province, on Wednesday, with casualties feared, an official said.
1st LD: Suicide attack rocks Afghan town, casualties feared
A suicide bomber blew himself up in Barmal district of eastern Paktika province
on Wednesday, casualties feared, an official said.
Singapore shares end 0.76 pct higher
The shares prices in Singapore rose 24.21 points or 0.76 percent on Wednesday,
with the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) closing at 3,207.91 points.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 29
South Korea's Unification Ministry called Wednesday on the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea (DPRK) to follow in China's footsteps in opening up the
country to the outside world.
2nd LD Writethru: Suicide bomber kills 2 soldiers, injures 7 in
eastern Afghan town
A suicide bomber blew himself up near a group of Afghan army soldiers killing
two and injuring seven others including five civilians on Wednesday, the
provincial police chief said.
Vietnam to see GDP growth of 6.78 pct this year
Vietnam is expected to see the growth of the country's gross domestic production
(GDP) of 6.78 percent this year, surpassing the set target of 6.5 percent, said
a report by Vietnamese Ministry of Planning and Investment on Wednesday.
Malaysia tin market closes higher
The local tin market closed higher here on Wednesday, and the trading volume
rose compared with Tuesday.
Roundup: Bangladesh's frozen food sector eyes bright export
future
Bangladesh's frozen foods exporters eye bright export future after a year in the
doldrums due to a number of internal and external shocks, sector insiders said
Wednesday.
Indian stocks close up 1.15 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex closed up 230.61 points or 1.15 percent
Wednesday on rally of world major bourses.
Indonesia's export growth forecast slower next year: minister
Indonesian Development Planing Board Minister Armida Alisjahbana said on
Wednesday that the country's export growth was forecast to slow next year due to
the weakening of global economy.
Roundup: Nikkei rises 0.50 pct, bullish sentiment underpins
market
Tokyo stocks rebounded Wednesday, with the key Nikkei stock index gaining 0.50
percent as an optimistic year-end market mood encouraged investors to buy on
dips as hopes remained high that the bullish sentiment that's been underpinning
the market would continue into the new year.
Year 2010 deadliest for Pakistani journalists: report
The year 2010 is the deadliest one for Pakistani journalists as at least 12
journalists lost their lives in the line of duty across the country, local media
reported on Wednesday.
Singapore office rents higher in Q4
Office rents in Singapore picked up at a much faster pace in the fourth quarter,
but is looking at a possible slowdown next year until recovery in the United
States and Europe gather momentum, local media reported Wednesday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 29
The Philippine market finished Wednesday's session up by 0.85 percent.
Indonesia, China launch joint hybrid rice research program
A technical research program aimed at developing best hybrid rice variety for
Indonesia jointly conducted by Indonesian and Chinese scientists was launched
here on Wednesday with the effective research period set to due in 2013.
Indian, Pakistan border guards exchange fire
Indian and Pakistani border guards Wednesday exchanged fire on border area,
India's official broadcaster All India Radio (AIR) reported.
CITIC Bank International opens Singapore branch
The first Singapore branch of CITIC Bank International (CBI) opened here
Wednesday, as part of a regional expansion plan of its parent China CITIC Bank
Corporation.
60,000 protesters to take part in Jan. 9 rally in Bangkok
Without the emergency decree in force, the Jan. 9 anti-government "red-shirt"
rally is likely to attract at least 60,000 supporters, a "red-shirt" leader
Thida Thavornseth said on Wednesday.
Bangladeshi navy to develop into three-dimensional force: PM
Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina Wednesday unveiled plan to add a
submarine and two maritime helicopters to the Bangladesh Navy in near future to
build it as a three-dimensional and effective force.
Indonesia expects new energy rules attractive for investors
The Indonesian government expected the newly issued regulation on cost recovery
and taxation in the oil and gas industry would attract more investment, senior
official said here Wednesday.
7 Thais illegally enter Cambodia to be brought to justice:
Cambodian PM
Seven Thai nationals have been arrested for illegal entering to measure land in
Cambodian territory in Banteay Meanchey province, said Prime Minister Hun Sen on
Wednesday.
Egypt Air flight makes emergency landing at Mumbai airport
An Egypt Air flight Wednesday made an emergency landing at the Mumbai airport,
after the crew suspected a fire at the cargo hold of the aircraft, an aviation
official said.
India denies training former Nepali left-wing rebels
The Indian government Wednesday rejected some media reports that Indian
intelligence service trained former Nepali left-wing rebels.
Afghan forces detain 5 insurgents
Afghan security forces have detained five Taliban insurgents in Taliban
birthplace Kandahar in south Afghanistan, head of National Security Directorate
(NSD) in the province Mohammad Naeem Monin said Wednesday.  "We have arrested
five Taliban terrorists from Kandahar over the past two days and these
insurgents were involved in targeting government interests," Momin told a news
briefing here.
Four injured in blast in mid-western Nepal
At least four people were injured when a bomb went off in a busy marketplace in
Nepalgunj in mid- western Nepal on Wednesday evening.
Roundup: Buying in banks takes Pakistan's KSE higher
After a dismal Tuesday, equities at Pakistan's Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE)
regained bullish momentum here Wednesday with its main index ending close to
11,900 levels owing to buying in banks.
Pakistani president launches efforts to preserve coalition
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has stepped up efforts to save the ruling
coalition from being collapsed after two major allies have parted ways with the
government, officials said Wednesday.
WFP scales up safety nets in Bangladesh in support of food
security program
The Executive Board of the World Food Program (WFP) has approved a one-year
extension of the current Bangladesh country program to provide support to 2.1
million hungry, vulnerable and malnourished people spending nearly 76 million
U.S. dollars.
Pakistani Taliban kill 2 over espionage charges
Pakistani Taliban killed two people in North Waziristan tribal agency over
spying charges, residents said Wednesday.
Bangladesh to introduce compulsory licensing for foodstuff stocks
to reduce price hike
The Bangladeshi government will make it compulsory for foodstuff traders to
procure license from the Food Directorate for holding stocks of any food item
for a certain period against the backdrop of rising prices of rice and other
food items.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 29
A suicide bomber blew himself up near a group of Afghan army soldiers killing
two and injuring seven others including five civilians on Wednesday, the
provincial police chief said.
UN representative explains Cote d'Ivoire's electoral process to
ECOWAS mission
The special representative of the UN secretary general in Cote d'Ivoire, Choi
Young-jin, on Tuesday explained the electoral process to the delegation from the
Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS).
UN peacekeeper in Cote d'Ivoire injured in convoy attack
A convoy of three vehicles belonging to the UN operations in Cote d'Ivoire
(ONUCI) transporting 22 peacekeepers was attacked on Tuesday, when it was
heading towards Abidjan from the interior of the West African country.
ONUCI chief meets ECOWAS delegation on Cote d'Ivoire crisis
The special representative of the UN secretary general in Cote d'Ivoire, Choi
Young-jin, on Tuesday met with a delegation of three presidents from the
Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on the post-election crisis.
News Analysis: Role of independent electoral commissions in
Africa questioned
Created in almost all of the sub- Saharan African countries, the independent
electoral commissions have played a major role in the electoral processes of
African countries since the 1990s, during the opening up of the democratic
space.
Urgent: Report says fresh attacks kill 3 people in Nigeria
Fresh attacks by radical sect have left three people, including a police
officer, dead Tuesday in northeastern Nigeria, media reports said Wednesday.
1st LD: Report says fresh attacks kill 3 people in Nigeria
Fresh attacks by radical sect have left three people, including a police
officer, dead in northeastern Nigeria, media reports said Wednesday.
ECOWAS mission on Cote d'Ivoire continues till Jan. 3
The West African bloc ECOWAS will continue its mission next week, although it
failed to press Cote d'Ivoire's incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to step down, sources
close to the just-ended talks disclosed on Wednesday.
ECOWAS gives Cote d'Ivoire's Gbagbo second chance of diplomacy
The mission from the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), which
was in Abidjan on Tuesday to ask incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to cede power to his
rival Alassane Ouattara, has given him a second chance of diplomacy.
Cote d'Ivoire's civil servants asked not to cooperate with
Gbagbo's camp
The government of Alassane Ouattara, one of the two presidents that were
declared in Cote d'Ivoire, has asked civil servants not to cooperate with the
"illegal and illegitimate" regime of his rival Laurent Gbagbo.
Road accident claims 29 lives in Nigeria
The Federal Road Safety Commission ( FRSC) has said 29 people died in December
on the Okene-Lokoja- Abuja road.
Two explosions hit Nigeria's southern city: media report
Two explosions hit a Nigeria's southern city on Wednesday, injuring several
people,  media report said.
Angolan president calls on countrymen to work together for better
future
Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos on Wednesday called on his countrymen
to unite and work together for a better future of the African country.
Kazakhstan ready to supply oil to Belarus after SES starts
working: envoy
Kazakhstan is ready to supply oil to Belarus after the Single Economic Space
(SES) starts operating, Kazakhstan's ambassador to Belarus Anatoly Smirnov said
Wednesday at a press conference here.
Russian stocks close mixed
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Wednesday with one key index higher and
the other one lower.
Screen Actors Guild mails ballots to 100,000 members
The Screen Actors Guild (SAG) on Wednesday begun sending final voting
information to nearly 100, 000 members across the United States, helping them to
choose recipients of the 17th annual SAG awards.
Researchers unveil largest list of world's land plants
International researchers on Wednesday announced the completion of a 1.25
-million-entry plant list, which is so far the most comprehensive list of the
world's land plant species.
Screen Actors Guild mails ballots to 100,000 members
The Screen Actors Guild (SAG) on Wednesday began sending final voting
information to nearly 100, 000 members across the United States, helping them to
choose recipients of the 17th annual SAG awards.
Austria's jobless rate declines due to growing export markets
Austria's unemployment rate has decreased by 7 percent over the previous year
largely due to a growing export market, according to a report issued by the
Public Employment Service Austria (AMS) on Wednesday.
U.S. stocks higher in thin trading
U.S. stocks moved higher on Wednesday in thin trading as investors continued to
hope for a slow but steady economic recovery in the coming year.
Greek PM vows to continue reforms to curb debt crisis
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou on Wednesday stressed that the country
will continue to work toward curbing the debt crisis through reforms.
London stock market closes lower
The London stock market closed slightly lower on Wednesday, with the leading
FTSE 100 index down 12.56 points, or 0.21 percent, at 5,996.36 points.
Cote d'Ivoire's new envoy presents credentials to the UN
Cote d'Ivoire's new envoy to the United Nations, veteran diplomat Youssouf
Bamba, on Wednesday presented his credentials to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-
moon.
Finland's largest wind power station starts test run
Finland's largest wind power station has started test running in Tornio in
northern Finland and will start commercial operation at the beginning of 2011,
Finnish media reported Wednesday.
New York continues to combat deep-piled snow after blizzard
New Yorkers on Wednesday continued to shovel their ways out of one of the
biggest snow storms in decades.
Euler Hermes upgrades Poland's rating to BB
Credit insurer Euler Hermes has upgraded Poland's sovereign rating to BB from B,
local media reported on Wednesday.
Russia hails South Africa's accession to BRIC
Moscow on Wednesday hailed South Africa's accession to BRIC, a grouping of major
emerging economies that previously includes Brazil, Russia, India and China.
Urgent: Oil falls in light trade
Crude prices fell on Wednesday in light year-end trade. Light, sweet crude for
February delivery declined 37 cents to 91.12 U.S. dollars a barrel on the New
York Mercantile.
France marks anniversary of nationals' kidnapping in Afghanistan
Hundreds of Paris citizens gathered outside the city hall on Wednesday to mark
the one year anniversary of two French journalists' abduction in Afghanistan on
December 30th, 2009.
Colombian President confirms death of drug lord
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said on Wednesday that drug lord Pedro
Oliveiro Guerrero, also known as "murderer of the murderers"  or "Cuchillo"
(knife), has been killed by police.
Urgent: Gold climbs for the third session as dollar extends
losses
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose for
the third session on Wednesday on strong investment demand fueled by the
progressive weakness in the U.S. dollar.
1st Ld-Writethru: Oil falls in light year-end trade
Crude prices fell on Wednesday in light trade as investors took profit from
earlier gains before year-end.
Hillary Clinton to attend inauguration of new Brazilian president
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton will travel to Brazil on Jan. 1
to attend the inauguration of President-elect Dilma Rousseff.
1st Ld-Writethru: Gold climbs for the third session as dollar
extends losses
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose for
the third session Wednesday on strong investment demand fueled by the
progressive weakness in U.S. dollar.
Urgent: U.S. stocks rise as investors remain optimistic about
next year
U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday with good performances of energy and material
sectors as investors remained optimistic about next year.
Swine flu spreads in Croatia, killing one person
One person has died and about 100 people have been infected with swine flu at
the onset of the winter season in Croatia, reported the Serbian news agency
Tanjug on Wednesday.
U.S. plane skids off runway in Wyoming, no one hurt
An American Airlines airliner skidded off the runway Wednesday morning at
Wyoming's Jackson Hole Airport, but no one was injured, federal authorities
said.
Urgent: Ariane 5 lifts off with two telecom satellites
An Ariane 5 carrying two telecommunication satellites lifted off Wednesday from
the launch zone based in Kourou in French Guiana.
Urgent: Dollar falls as euro, yen rise
The U.S. dollar fell against major currencies in late New York trading on
Wednesday as the euro and yen went up.
1st Ld: Ariane 5 lifts off with two telecom satellites
An Ariane 5 carrying two telecommunication satellites -- Hispasat 1E and
Koreasat 6 -- lifted off Wednesday from the launch zone based in Kourou in
French Guiana.
Youthful Prime Minister heads new Montenegrin government
With the formation of a new government on Wednesday, Montenegro's new Prime
Minister Igor Luksic said his country would seek further Euro-Atlantic
integration and a better standard of living for citizens.
1st Ld-Writethru: Dollar falls as euro, yen rise
The U.S. dollar fell against major currencies in late New York trading on
Wednesday as the euro and yen went up.
Panama destroys 3.5 tons of drugs
Panamanian security forces destroyed on Wednesday 3.5 tons of narcotics, mostly
cocaine, which were seized in recent anti-drug operatives, said the National
Police (PN)
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks rose with good performance of
energy and materials stocks
U.S. stocks ended modestly higher Wednesday with good performance of energy and
materials sectors, as investors remain optimistic about next year.
2nd LD Writethru: Ariane 5 lifts off two telecom satellites in
French Guiana
Ariane 5 lifted off two telecommunication satellites, Hispasat 1E and Koreasat 6
at 18:27 (GMT 2127) on Wednesday into geostationary transfer orbit from the
launch zone in Kourou, in French Guiana.
German inflation remains moderate in 2010
Germany's average inflation rate stood at 1.1 percent for the whole year, while
it unexpectedly accelerated in December, the Federal Statistics Office said
Wednesday.
UN chief, Nigerian president spoke on Cote d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon on Wednesday had a phone conversation with
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan, who briefed the secretary-general on the
visit to Cote d'Ivoire by West African leaders this week.
Chicago corn stretches the winning streak to 10 sessions on tight
supply outlook
Chicago corn futures climbed for the 10th session in a row on Wednesday, hitting
the highest level since July 2008 for the third time this week, as a foreseen
global tightness in corn supply next year gave corn bulls a good reason to add
to longs. Wheat rose slightly, but soybean reversed gains.
Roundup: U.S. stocks refresh 2-year high in light trade as energy
sector surges
U.S. stocks edged up on Wednesday to new two-year high as energy sector surged.
Canadian Taxpayers Federation releases federal and provincial tax
changes for New Year
The Canadian Taxpayers Federation (CTF) Wednesday released its annual New Year
tax change calculations which provide projected personal income and payroll tax
changes taking effect on January 1, 2011.
Roundup: Russian authorities on alert amidst chaos caused by
extreme weather
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Wednesday banned government officials
on all levels from leaving for the New Year vacations until his special notice,
because of the heavy snowfalls and ice rains that have caused blackouts in
Central Russia.
Backgrounder: Major changes of world economic landscape in
2001-2010
Though stricken by two crises, the world economy has, as a whole, seen its
development in the first decade of the 21st century, during which the economic
strength of the developing countries has increased as that of the developed
countries had gone down.
Belgium tackles radicalization in schools
Schools, sport clubs and other associations should intervene when young people
threaten to turn radical, a government official said Wednesday.
Yearender: A decade of economic evolution out of crises and
prosperity
by Liu Ying, Zhang Tao, Ming Jinwei
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 30
Ariane 5 lifted off two telecommunication satellites, Hispasat 1E and Koreasat 6
at 18:27 (GMT 2127) on Wednesday into geostationary transfer orbit from the
launch zone in Kourou, in French Guiana.
U.S. team assessing damage to embassy in Cote d'Ivoire: State
Department
U.S. State Department said on Wednesday that a small American team is assessing
the damage to U.S. embassy in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire's economic capital,
following an errant rocket attack on the outside gate of the embassy last week.
U.S. bank failures set 18-year high in 2010
The number of U.S. banks gone into bankruptcy this year reached the highest
level since 1992, according to media report on Wednesday.
Ecuador will close 2010 with 3.6 percent economic growth
Ecuador will close 2010 with an economic growth of 3.6 percent in its Gross
Domestic Product (GDP) and an inflation rate of 3.35 percent, one of the lowest
in the region, said Central Bank President Diego Borja on Wednesday.
Brazil's Petrobras declares commerciality of pre-salt oil
reserves
Brazil's state oil and gas giant Petrobras Wednesday declared its Tupi and
Iracema pre-salt oil and gas reserves commercially viable.
Roundup: Hungary gears up for EU presidency, focusing on human
factor
Hungary, which is to take over the six-month rotating presidency of the European
Union (EU) on Jan. 1, will push forward a common program set up by the Spanish-
Belgian-Hungarian trio in order to maintain continuity in the work of the EU.
Guatemala unveils new law to seize assets of criminals
Guatemala on Wednesday publicized a new legislation to facilitate the
confiscation of criminals' assests.
Petrobras CEO to stay under new Brazilian president
Jose Sergio Gabrielli will continue to serve as CEO of Brazil's state-owned oil
giant Petrobras under the incoming new administration, President Luiz Inacio
Lula da Silva said Wednesday.
Abbas arrives in Brazil for Dilma's inauguration
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas arrived here on Thursday for Brazilian
President-elect Dilma Rousseff's inaugural ceremony scheduled for Saturday.
Mexico nets 13 drug cartel hitmen
Thirteen hitmen of Mexico's Sinaloa drug cartel have been arrested in a clash
with police, authorities said Wednesday.
Outgoing Brazilian President sees record-high support rating
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is leaving office with a record-
high approval rate of 87 percent, according to a survey released on Wednesday.
No Palestinian-Israeli final status issues at UN, says U.S.
The U.S. State Department said on Wednesday that the United States opposes any
attempt to take the final status issues of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict to
the UN Security Council, insisting such efforts will not help the goal of a two-
state solution.
Yearender: Xinhua's top 10 world news events in 2010
The following were the top 10 events around the world in 2010 as selected by
Xinhua (in chronological order):
Obama temporarily appoints four ambassadors
U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday used his power to temporarily appoint
four U.S. ambassadors, without getting approval from the Senate.
Interview: Euro debt crisis likely to spill into 2011, say Danish
experts
by Yang Jingzhong, Bao Yue
Brazil's housing program fulfilled: Lula
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said on Wednesday that the
government's mega housing program, Minha Casa Minha Vida (My house my life), has
covered 1 million households.
4th LD: 12 killed in Russian military plane crash, rescue team
arrives
A Russian military cargo plane crashed on Tuesday in an area in the country's
southwest near Moscow, leaving all the 12 crew members dead, the Itar-Tass news
agency reported early Wednesday.
Interview: China's trade surplus exaggerated, European trade
expert says
By Xinhua writer Liu Xiaoyan
Interview: Cuba sets to migrate to free, open-source software
Cuba has set a strategic goal in 2011 to migrate most of its computers to open-
source software, a move designed to strengthen the country's technological
security and sovereignty.
Urgent: 6.6-magnitude quake jolts Vanuatu
An earthquake measuring 6.6 on the Richter scale jolted Vanuatu on Wednesday,
the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Xinhua world news summary at 0800 GMT, Dec. 29
Two suicide bombers blew themselves up Wednesday inside a police commando base
in the city of Mosul, the capital of Iraq's northern province of Nineveh,
killing the commander of the base and three policemen, a provincial police
source said.
German stocks open mixed
German stocks opened mixed Wednesday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
London stock market falls slightly in early trade
London stock market fell slightly on Wednesday with the leading FTSE 100 index
down by less than 2 points at 6,007.3 in early trade.
DPRK says peaceful use of nuclear power legitimate right
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) had "the legitimate right" to
develop its nuclear capability for peaceful purposes, the official Rodong Sinmun
newspaper said Wednesday.
Yearender: Latin America marches on amid tragedies
By Xinhua writer Zhou Jianxin
Senior Colombian, Chinese officials discuss closer ties
Colombian Vice President Angelino Garzon on Tuesday met with visiting Chinese
State Councilor Liu Yandong to discuss the development of relations between
their two countries.
DPRK says peace wish of all Koreans
Peace was the wish of the whole Korean nation, Yang Chol Sik, secretary of the
Korean Nation League of Motherland Unification, said on Wednesday.
Senior Chinese official calls for enhanced trade, economic
cooperation with EU
A senior official from China's Ministry of Commerce called for enhanced trade
and economic cooperation between China and the European Union (EU), prior to
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang's upcoming visit to three EU nations.
Two small bombs explode at Italy's Northern League party seat
Two small bombs exploded Tuesday night, causing minor damage but no injuries at
the headquarters of the Northern League party in Varese, local media reported.
Ukraine insists on urgent release of detained nationals in Minsk
The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry insisted Wednesday on the urgent release of two
Ukrainians detained during protests in the Belarussian capital of Minsk after
the country's presidential elections.
Russia to keep grain export embargo till July 2011
Russia will keep embargo on grain exports in place until July 1, 2011, First
Deputy Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov said on Wednesday.
Georgia draws over 2 million tourists in 2010
The South Caucasus country of Georgia has attracted more than 2 million tourists
or 2,054,382 tourists to be exact so far this past year, the country's state
tourism agency reported on Wednesday.
London stock market down slightly by midday
The London stock market fell slightly by midday on Wednesday, with the leading
FTSE 100 index down by 14.78 points, or 0.25 percent, at 5,994.14 points at
noon.
Swedish trade surplus rises sharply in November
Sweden's net trade surplus increased substantially in November compared with a
year ago due to a boost in exports, the government said Wednesday.
Russia's 2010 budget deficit lower than expected
Russia's 2010 budget deficit amounted to 4.2 percent of the gross domestic
product (GDP), considerably lower than the initial forecast of 5.3 percent,
official figures showed Wednesday.
Russia sacks top space officials for failed satellites launch
President Dmitry Medvedev dismissed two senior space industry officials
Wednesday for the loss of three Glonass satellites during a failed launch.
Russia grounds strategic bombers for engine concerns
The Russian Air Force has suspended all flights of Tupolev Tu-95MS strategic
bombers powered by the same engines as the crashed An-22 plane, a Russian
Defense Ministry spokesman said on Wednesday.
Dutch central bank rejects findings about troubled online banking
service
The Dutch central bank DNB has rejected the findings by a parliamentary
commission about the downfall of an online banking service, local media reported
Tuesday.
U.S. stocks modestly higher in thin trading
U.S. stocks rose modestly in early trading on Wednesday as investors were
sitting on the sidelines before the New Year comes.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 29
The Federal Road Safety Commission has said 29 people died in December on the
Okene-Lokoja-Abuja road.
Yearender: 2010, a year to remember in Spanish sports
At around 22.30 hours local time in Johannesburg, less than five minutes before
the end of extra time in the World Cup final, Andres Iniesta received a pass
from teammate Cesc Fabrigas, raced into the Dutch penalty area and scored the
only goal of the game with a right foot shot.
Corinthians makes offer to Luis Fabiano
The Corinthians soccer team did not hide their excitement on Wednesday with the
recent meeting with striker Luis Fabiano. The club's representatives and the
star player met to open negotiations in Campinas, Sao Paulo.
Vasco da Gama announces two new players for 2011
The Vasco da Gama soccer team announced on Wednesday the addition of two new
players for the 2011 season. Midfielder Eduardo Costa and striker Misael were
confirmed to next year's roster.
Arsenal draw with Wigan due to late own goal
Premier League title contenders Arsenal failed to pocket three points at Wigan
as Sebastien Squillaci's late own goal made them concede to a 2-2 draw on
Wednesday.
Macedonian swimming legend dies at 66
Macedonian marathon swimmer Atina Bojadzi has died at the age of 66, news from
Skopje reported Wednesday.
Lionel Messi named best soccer player in Europe
Argentine Lionel Messi was named the best soccer player in Europe for the second
straight year by European newspapers, said the Uruguayan newspaper El Pais, in a
survey published on Wednesday.
IOC chief praises Rio's progress for 2016 Games
Jacques Rogge, president of the Internation Olympic Committee, praised Rio de
Janeiro's preparations for hosting the 2016 Olympic Games on Wednesday.
Indonesia urge players, supporters to be sportive, professional
facing Malaysia
Indonesia's Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa on Wednesday urged the country's
national soccer team and their supporters to be sportive and professional during
the final round of football championship against Malaysia.
Botafogo signs first reinforcement for next season
The Botafogo soccer team named its first addition to the 2011 roster on
Wednesday. Midfielder Lucas is the team's newest member for next season.
South Korea to play UAE club team before Asian Cup
The South Korean men's soccer team will meet the United Arab Emirates' club Al
Jazira next Tuesday in its final tune-up match ahead of the Jan. 7-29 Asian Cup
in Qatar.
England retains the Ashes on final day of fourth Test
England on Wednesday retained the Ashes for the first time in 24 years, with a
crushing innings and 157-run victory over Australia in the final day of fourth
Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG).
Leonardo introduced as Inter Milan manager
Inter Milan coach Leonardo spoke of the "tremendous" challenge he faces after
being introduced as the club's new manager on Wednesday.
Conflict between Spanish players and football league puts weekend
fixutres in danger
A Spanish judge could have to make the decision whether or not any football in
played in the country this weekend as a conflict between the country's
professional footballers and football league (LFP) drags on.
Valdano rules out winter signings at Real Madrid
Real Madrid's General Director, Jorge Valdano this Wednesday ruled out the
possibility of the club making any signings during the winter transfer window
this January.
Malaga FC continues to rebuild in the winter transfer market
Malaga football club have completed the signing of Atletico Madrid pair Sergio
Asenjo and Ignacio Camacho.
Myanmar to set up first yachting station in beach resort
Myanmar is planning to set up a yachting station, the first of its kind at Ngwe
Saung beach resort, to host sailing competitions for the 2013 SEA Games in the
southeast Asian nation, local media reported Wednesday.
Blatter to meet continental confederations for FIFA presidential
vote
FIFA president Sepp Blatter said on Wednesday that he would attend each congress
of football's six continental confederations before he stands for re-election at
the FIFA congress in June.
India level cricket series in South Africa
India, the world's top-ranked cricket side, on Wednesday beat second-ranked
South Africa by 87 runs in the second Test in Durban, South Africa.
Malaysia wins Suzuki Cup AFF soccer championship
Malaysia won the Suzuki Cup AFF soccer championship on Wednesday after emerging
a 4-2 victor against Indonesia on aggregate in the two-leg final.
Spanish Football League President warns of losses in players'
strike
Jose Luis Astiazaran, the President of the Spanish Football League (LFP) on
Wednesday warned of the possible effects of the players' strike that is
threatened for this weekend.
Number of corruption cases in China slightly up: official
Chinese disciplinary and supervisory authorities have investigated 119,000
corruption cases during the first 11 months this year, slightly more than
115,000 of the same period last year, a senior anti-corruption official said
Wednesday.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 29
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 29:
Sixteen banks commit irregularities in forex transactions since
October: SAFE
The State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE), China's foreign exchange
regulator, said Wednesday that 16 banks have been found to have committed
irregularities in their foreign exchange transactions since October.
China targets public spending on overseas junkets, receptions,
cars in fight against  extravagance
China's crack down on extravagant spending by officials has saved the country
5.7 billion yuan (860 million U.S.dollar) this year, an official with the top
anti- graft authority said here Wednesday.
China braces for new round of cold snaps
BEIJING, Dec. 30 (Xinhua) - Temperatures dropped sharply in a large part of
China Wednesday as a new round of cold snaps approached with sharp winds.
Over 66 percent of Beijingers use Internet
The number of Internet users in the Chinese capital surpassed 11.6 million by
the end of 2010, accounting for 66.1 percent of the city's total population of
over 17 million, said an IT official Wednesday.
China Economic News in Brief: Airbus delivery; China-Laos railway
logistics center;  Zhejiang's GDP
The following are some China economic news items in brief:
5.0 magnitude quake hits China's Tibet
An earthquake measuring 5.0 on the Richter Scale hit Nyima County of Naqu
Prefecture in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region at 2:31 a.m. Beijing
Time Thursday, according to the China Earthquake Networks Center.
Chinese shares open higher Thursday
Chinese shares opened higher Thursday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite
Index up 0.02 percent to 2,751.97 at the opening.
Beijing opens five new metro lines to ease traffic woes
Beijing will open five new suburban subway and light rail lines Thursday, which
will help ease the city's chronic traffic congestion, bringing the total number
of lines in the city to 14.
ChiNext Index opens slightly higher Thursday
ChiNext Index was up 0.25 points to open at 1,113.56 points Thursday.
China stock index futures open mixed Thursday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Thursday. The contract for settlement
in January 2011, the most actively traded, opened unchanged from the previous
trading day at 3,083.
1st LD: China's yuan hits new record high at 6.6229 per USD
After 10 consecutive days of gaining, the Chinese currency yuan, also known as
the Renminbi (RMB), strengthened to a new record high at 6.6229 per U.S. dollar
Thursday.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong rose 67 HK dollars to close at 13,090 HK dollars per
tael on Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
Hong Kong stocks open up 0.08 pct
Hong Kong stocks rose 18.54 points, or 0.08 percent, to open at 22,987.84 on
Thursday.
Public irate about VIP seats in China high-speed train
Many are demanding the removal of expensive VIP train seats after it was
revealed the cost of a new first-class service between Shanghai and Sichuan's
provincial capital Chengdu will exceed that of airfare between the cities.
China has 450 mln netizens: official
The total number of netizens in China  reached 450 million at the end of
November, up 20.3 percent year on year, said Wang Chen, head of China's State
Council Information Office here Thursday.
Chinese software industry revenue in Nov. surges 30.7 pct
China's software industry revenue rose 30.7 percent year on year to 117.8
billion yuan (17.78 billion U.S. dollars) in November, the Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology (MIIT) said Wednesday.
China Exclusive: Dictionary of dying slang records changing
landscape of Beijing
by Xinhua writer Yao Yuan, Bai Xu
Chinese mainland reiterates importance of 1992 Consensus for
cross-Strait ties
The Chinese mainland Wednesday reiterated the importance of upholding the "1992
Consensus" -- which stresses adherence to the one-China principle -- in handling
cross-Strait relations.
2nd LD Writethru: China's yuan hits new record high of 6.6229 per
USD
The Chinese currency, the yuan, strengthened Thursday to a record 6.6229 per
U.S. dollar, after 10 consecutive days of gains.
6 Taiwan banks approved to open mainland branches: spokesman
The Chinese mainland has approved the applications of six Taiwan-based banks to
open branches on the mainland, a mainland spokesman said Wednesday.
More than 300,000 Chinese children receive free medical insurance
More than 300,000 Chinese children, including 120,000 orphans, have received
free medical insurance for treatment of 12 critical illnesses, as a joint
program between the government and a charity organization expands.
China Economic News in Brief: Beijing auto sales; Jiangsu dairy
imports; Anhui FDI;  Guangdong oil imports; Anhui investment
The following are some China economic news items in brief.
Chinese shares close lower at midday Thursday
China's stocks closed lower in the morning trading session Thursday with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index edging down 9.77 points, or 0.35 percent, to
close at 2,741.76 points.
URGENT: China issues first anti-corruption white paper
China expressed its resolve to strengthen the fight against corruption Wednesday
as it released its first ever white paper on anti-graft efforts.
Chinese President visits low-income families, extending new year
greetings
Chinese President Hu Jintao visited low-income families in Beijing ahead of the
New Year, extending good wishes to people nationwide.
China intensifies anti-corruption supervision of Party officials
in armed forces
China has intensified its anti- corruption supervision of members and officials
of the Communist Party of China (CPC) in the country's armed forces, according
to a new trial regulation made public Wednesday.
At least 1 dead, 4 injured in SW China workshop blast
At least one person died and four others were injured in a pharmaceutical
workshop explosion in southwest China's Yunnan Province Thursday morning,
witnesses confirmed.
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (1)
The Information Office of the State Council, China's cabinet, published a white
paper on China's efforts to combat corruption and build a clean government
Wednesday.
No casualties reported in Tibet earthquake
The 5.0-magnitude earthquake that hit a remote county in southwest China's Tibet
Autonomous Region early Thursday did not cause any casualties or toppled any
homes as yet, a local official said.
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (2)
In the 1990s, China started to establish the socialist market economic system.
Facing rampant corruption arising in the process of system transition, China
made the decision to intensify efforts in opposing corruption and established a
work pattern in anti-corruption that covered three aspects, i.e., ensuring
leading cadres are incorruptible and self-disciplined, investigating and dealing
with all breaches of law and discipline, and rectifying malpractices in various
trades and departments. It was explicitly stated that both symptoms and root
causes of corruption should be addressed, with education as the basis, laws as
the guarantee and supervision as the key, and the soil that breeds corruption
should be continuously removed through deepening reform. A number of laws and
regulations on combating corruption and building a clean government were
enacted, thus further improving the anti-corruption system. Anti- corruption and
anti-bribery departments, departments dealing with dereliction of duty,
malfeasance and infringement of citizens' rights were set up in the
procuratorial organs. Many major decisions were made in this regard, including
the decision to ban anyone in the army, public security forces or procuratorial,
judicial or public security organs to engage in business transactions. Reforms
in the structures, mechanisms and systems were carried out regarding
administrative examination and approval, financial management, cadre and
personnel affairs, etc. In addition, regulations were formulated to make
government work, enterprise affairs and village affairs known to the public. The
work of combating corruption and building a clean government has embarked on a
road that features addressing of both symptoms and root causes of corruption,
comprehensive treatment and gradual intensification of efforts to eliminate the
root causes.
Xinhua Insight: Yearender: China embraces modern philanthropy
era, legislation lags
by Xinhua writer Hu Tao
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (3)
In China, the major functional bodies for combating corruption and building a
clean government are the Party's organs for discipline inspection, judicial
organs of the state, supervisory and auditing organs of the government, and the
National Bureau of Corruption Prevention of China.
China Focus: Public acclaim for "most adorable official" reflects
plight of civil  rights protection
Eighty-nine year-old Yang Weijun never imagined he would be nicknamed "the most
adorable official" more than 10 years after his retirement from politics.
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (4)
III. Legal Framework for Combating Corruption and Building a Clean Government
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (5)
IV. Power Restraint and Supervisory System
1st Ld: China issues first anti-corruption white paper, pledging
firmer actions
China expressed its resolve to strengthen the fight against corruption Wednesday
as it released its first ever white paper on anti-graft efforts.
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (6)
Judicial supervision includes supervision by people's courts and people's
procuratorates. Supervision by people's courts refers to supervision over the
legality and fairness of the trials of people's courts conducted by the higher-
level people's courts on lower-level people's courts and by the Supreme People's
Court on all people's courts across the country. People's courts also monitor
the legality of specific administrative actions of the governments by way of
reviewing administrative cases. Supervision by people's procuratorates refers to
legal supervision over litigation activities and misconduct of state
functionaries. People's procuratorates exercise full-scale supervision over
litigation activities in the case registration, investigation, trial, execution
of penalties and management of inmates, and exercise supervision over state
functionaries by way of investigating such duty-related crimes as embezzlement,
bribery, dereliction of duty and infringement of others' rights.
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (7)
V. Prevention of Corruption through System Reform and Institutional Innovation
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (8)
Promoting the reform of the financial system. China separates the business
operations of the Central Bank from those of commercial banks, as well as of
banks from those of securities firms and insurance companies, and detaches
policy-based finance from commercial finance. Efforts have been made to
constantly strengthen and improve macro financial control, establish and improve
the separated financial regulatory systems for banking, securities and insurance
industries, tighten financial oversight to gradually regulate the order of
financial markets. The systems of information disclosure and credit rating have
been established and improved to promote the rapid, healthy development of the
financial markets in the country. Efforts have been made to press ahead with a
series of major financial reforms towards introducing the shareholding system in
state-owned commercial banks, restructuring of securities firms, and equity
reorganization of joint venture insurance companies by injecting more funds from
Chinese enterprises to gain control, to further improve the corporate governance
structure, fully sort out and manage historically accumulated financial risks,
and initially establish a system to protect investors. Positive efforts are
being made to promote the establishment of a payment system, extend the use of
non-cash payment tools, improve the system of real-name financial accounts, and
effectively prevent and severely crack down on corruption activities by means of
bank accounts, securities markets and capital operations. A basic database of
the credit of enterprises and individuals across the country has been
established, and work has been done to speed up the construction of a unified
credit information platform of the financial sector. Work has been done to
establish a series of systems, such as system of customer identification, system
of report and record of large-sum and suspicious transactions so as to
strengthen regulation over anti-money laundering. These reform measures have not
only promoted the standardized, healthy development of the financial sector, but
also helped ward off financial risks and corruption.
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (9)
The people's procuratorates can, in accordance with the law, directly file cases
of job-related crimes committed by state functionaries for investigation, such
as embezzlement, bribery, dereliction of duty and infringement on citizens'
rights, and initiate public prosecution to the people's courts on behalf of the
state. Accepting reports on such crimes and cases transferred from relevant
departments, the procuratorial organs launch timely examinations and initial
investigations of the clues of the reported crimes and materials regarding the
cases. For those cases in which criminal facts are evident and criminal
liability needs to be prosecuted, the procuratorial organs file them for
investigation in accordance with legal procedures, and ascertain the criminal
facts of the suspects in accordance with the law. Following the conclusion of
investigation, the procuratorial organs shall deal with them in accordance with
the law on the basis of ascertained facts and evidence. For those cases of which
there are verified facts and ample evidence and for which criminal liability
needs to be prosecuted in accordance with the law, the departments of the
people's procuratorates dealing with embezzlement, bribery, dereliction of duty
and infringements on rights shall transfer them to the departments in charge of
public prosecution for examination before the latter initiate legal proceedings
in the people's courts. From 2003 to 2009, the people's procuratorates at all
levels filed for investigation more than 240,000 cases of embezzlement, bribery,
dereliction of duty and infringements on rights. Battling the crime of taking
bribes, China has improved a database on criminal records of bribery, and
intensified efforts in punishing and preventing crime of bribery. In 2009, some
3,194 people were punished for their criminal liability in offering bribes.
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (10)
VII. Education in Clean Government and Construction of a Culture of Integrity
Full Text: China's Efforts to Combat Corruption and Build a Clean
Government (11)
VIII. International Exchanges and Cooperation in Combating Corruption
2nd Ld: China issues first anti-corruption white paper, pledging
firmer actions
China expressed its resolve to strengthen the fight against corruption Wednesday
as it released its first ever white paper on anti-graft efforts.
Chinese shares close higher on Wednesday
Chinese equities closed higher in thin trading on Wednesday, with the benchmark
Shanghai Composite Index up 0.68 percent, or 18.54 points, to close at 2,751.53
points.
More Chinese think corruption curbed: white paper
A government survey shows 83.8 percent of Chinese think corruption has been kept
down to "varying extents" in 2010, says a white paper on the country's anti-
corruption issued here Wednesday.
CPC makes combating corruption a priority task: white paper
The Communist Party of China (CPC) has always conscientiously prioritized
combating corruption and clean government building among its tasks, says a white
paper released by the Information Office of the State Council, China's Cabinet,
on Wednesday.
China strives to prevent corruption at root: white paper
China has made vigorous efforts to promote institutional reforms and innovations
to prevent and control corruption at the very source, according to a government
white paper released on Wednesday.
China battles corruption with legal measures: white paper
China has been investigating and dealing with cases of corruption in accordance
with law and discipline, maintaining a stern momentum in the checking of
corruption, according to a government white paper released on Wednesday.
1st Ld-Writethru: Chinese mainland reiterates importance of 1992
Consensus for cross-Strait  ties
The Chinese mainland Wednesday reiterated the importance of upholding the "1992
Consensus" -- which stresses adherence to the one-China principle -- in handling
cross-Strait relations.
China has legal framework in place for combating corruption:
white paper
China has gradually established an effective legal framework for combating
corruption and clean governance with rigorous procedures and well-matched
regulations, according to a white paper released on Wednesday.
3rd Ld: China issues first anti-corruption white paper, pledging
firmer actions
China expressed its resolve to strengthen the fight against corruption Wednesday
as it released its first ever white paper on anti-graft efforts.
Bus plunges in lake, at least one killed in NW China
At least one person was killed and eight others remained missing after their bus
fell into a lake in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region
Wednesday.
China highly values Internet's role in enhancing supervision,
says white paper
China highly values the positive role played by the Internet in enhancing
supervision, says a government white paper issued Wednesday.
Shanghai stock indices up -- Dec. 29
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,751.53 points Wednesday, up 18.54 points, or 0.68 percent, from the
previous close.
Shenzhen stock indices up -- Dec. 29
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed higher
Wednesday to end at 12,114.56 points, up 50.76 points, or 0.42 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec. 29
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at 3,061.83 points Wednesday, up 16.9 points, or 0.55
percent, from the previous close.
China stresses int'l cooperation to combat corruption: white
paper
China has attached great importance to international cooperation in combating
corruption, says a white paper issued here Wednesday.
Magnitude-6.6 quake hits Vanuatu
An earthquake measuring 6.6 on the Richter scale jolted Vanuatu at 2:54 p.m.,
Beijing Time, Wednesday, said the China Earthquake Networks Center.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 29
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1,
climbed 21.83 points, or 2.0 percent, to close at 1,113.31 Wednesday.
China stock index futures close mixed -- Dec. 29
China's stock index futures closed mixed Wednesday with the contract for January
2011, the most actively traded, up 0.05 percent from the previous trading day to
end at 3,091.6 points.
4th Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China issues first anti-graft white
paper, pledges  firmer actions
China Wednesday released its first ever white paper on the nation's anti-graft
efforts, expressing its resolve to strengthen the fight against corruption.
Hong Kong stocks close up 1.54 pct
Hong Kong stocks closed up 347.57 points, or 1.54 percent, at 22,969.30 on
Wednesday.
Taiwan stocks close down 0.04 percent
Taiwan's share prices closed lower Wednesday with the weighted index down 4.41
points, or 0.04 percent, to close at 8,866.35, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Chinese president stresses price stability, expansion of social
security
Chinese President Hu Jintao has stressed the need to stabilize commodity prices,
extend the coverage of the social security network and boost employment to
ensure the country develops in a comprehensive, coordinated and sustainable
manner.
Worst drought in 50 years grips east China's Shandong
Shandong Province in east China is suffering its worst drought in half a
century, which has left tens of thousands of people short of drinking water and
huge swathes of farmland too dry to plant, authorities said Wednesday.
1st Ld-Writethru: Chinese shares rise after five-day slide
Chinese equities rose for the first time in six trading days on Wednesday.
Roundup: Hong Kong stocks end 1.54 percent higher
Hong Kong stocks rose on Wednesday, lifting the benchmark index from a three-
month low, as oil producers climbed along with crude prices and banks gained on
prospects for higher earnings.
HK population expected to reach 7.66 million by 2019
The Planning Department of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR)'s
government forecasts the population of Hong Kong will rise to 7.66 million by
2019.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 29
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 29:
Senior CPC official stresses hardworking spirit
Senior Communist Party of China (CPC) official Li Changchun has called for
Chinese people to take a serious attitude to their work, while praising the
accomplishments of a renown train driver.
China automaker JAC to export 620,000 cars to Brazil in next 10
years
HEFEI, Dec. 29 (Xinhua)-- Chinese carmaker Jianghuai Automobile Co.,Ltd. (JAC)
started shipping the first batch of 500 cars to Brazil on Tuesday.
China's economy to slow on weak demand, prudent policy concerns:
report
China's gross domestic product (GDP) is predicted to grow by around 9.5 percent
in 2011, 0.5 percentage points lower compared to the growth rate expected for
this year, said a report issued Wednesday by the Bank of China (BOC).
Former Beijing district official to face court trial for
corruption
A former official of a Beijing district has been charged with three counts of
crime --graft, bribe-taking and embezzling public funds, a Beijing court said
Wednesday.
China Enterprises Index rises 1.62 pct -- Dec. 29
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index rose 198.93 points, or 1.62 percent, to
close at 12,508.52 on Wednesday.
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong rose 135 HK dollars to close at 13,023 HK dollars
per tael on Wednesday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange
Society.
Beijing opens five new subway lines
Five new subway lines will open Thursday in Beijing, taking the total number of
the lines to 14, the city's subway authorities said Wednesday.
China continues to enhance regulating property market in 2011
China will enhance regulating its property market in 2011 and strengthen
implementation of the tightening measures already unveiled by the government, a
senior official said Wednesday.
China urges more efforts for forest protection in next 10 years
China announced Wednesday that it would continue and expand its forest
protection program in the coming 10 years as part of an effort to safeguard the
national ecological security and tackle climate change.
Senior Chinese, Saudi Arabian officials vow to bolster trade,
economic ties
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan pledged here Wednesday to deepen economic,
trade cooperation with Saudi Arabia.
5th Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China issues first anti-graft white
paper, pledges  firmer actions
China Wednesday released its first ever white paper on the nation's anti-graft
efforts, expressing its resolve to strengthen the fight against corruption.
Corrupt Chinese judges to face harsh punishments: SPC vice
president
Corrupt judges in China will face severe punishments as their practices harm the
justice system and interests of the public, Vice President of the Supreme
People's Court (SPC) Xiong Xuanguo said here Wednesday.
Macao's unemployment rate stays below 3 percent
Macao's unemployment rate for the period of September to November 2010 reached
2.8 percent, decreasing by 0.1 percentage point over the previous period of
August to October, according to the figures released on Wednesday by the city's
Statistics and Census Service (DSEC).
One killed in scuffle involving Singapore firm in east China
At least one villager was killed and six others injured in a scuffle with
builders from a Singapore- invested dairy farm project in east China's Shandong
Province, officials of the local government said Wednesday.
China's top auditor to serve as chairman of UN Board of Auditors
Liu Jiayi, auditor-general of China's National Audit Office (NAO), will take up
the position as chairman of the United Nations Board of Auditors (UNBA) starting
Jan.1, 2011, the NAO announced here Wednesday.
Top Chinese political advisor meets delegates from religious
circles
Chinese top political advisor Jia Qinglin Wednesday met a group of religious
figures from temples and churches whose efforts to build a "harmonious religious
site" had been recognized.
China braces for Lunar New Year travel season
The annual mass passenger transportation for the traditional Lunar New Year,
will start on Jan.19, 2011, with an expected 2.85 billion journeys in 40 days
after that date.
Xinhua's top ten domestic news events of 2010
Xinhua top ten domestic news events of 2010, in chronological order, are:
Price stability should be main target of monetary policy: PBOC
official
Price stability should always be the main target of China's monetary policy, a
central bank official said Wednesday.
50 al-Qaida suspects in Algeria killed in 20 days: paper
The Algerian army has killed at least 50 al-Qaida suspects over the past three
weeks in northern Algeria as the newly-appointed British envoy termed the North
African nation as "very important" in fighting terrorism, local newspaper
reported on Thursday.
Seven al-Qaida members arrested in Iran
Seven members of al-Qaida have been arrested by Iran's security forces in
western part of the country along the border with Iraq, the local English
language satellite Press TV reported Thursday.
Iran to set up more camps to treat thousands of addicts
Iran plans to set up five new rehabilitation centers to treat thousands of drug
addicts in the Iranian provinces of Isfahan, Kerman, Khorasan, Sistan-
Baluchestan, and Tehran, the local English language Press TV reported Thursday.
Urgent: Israeli former president Katsav convicted of rape
An Israeli district court on Thursday convicted former President Moshe Katsav on
two counts of rape and other sexual abuse charges.
1st LD: Israeli ex-president convicted guilty of rape
A panel of judges in a Tel Aviv court convicted Moshe Katsav, Israel's eighth
president, guilty of several charges of rape and other sexual abuse of female
employees during his tenure both as president and as tourism minister.
Iran calls for expanding ties with Ukraine
Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani called for expansion of bilateral ties
with Ukraine, the semi-official ISNA news agency reported Thursday.
Iraq civilian death toll drops to lowest level in 2010: report
The number of civilian death toll from violence in Iraq this year dropped to its
lowest level since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003, a study showed on Thursday.
Former Kurdish newspaper editor sentenced to 138 years in prison
in Turkey
The former editor-in-chief of a Kurdish-language newspaper in Turkey was
sentenced to 138 years behind bars for promoting the outlawed Kurdish Workers'
Party (PKK) on Thursday, local media reported.
Israeli army arrests six Palestinians in West Bank
The Israeli army arrested six Palestinians in the West Bank Thursday, including
a Hamas lawmaker, witnesses and security sources said.
Iranian president's car in auction in mid-February: official
The car of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will be put up to an auction in
a car show in mid- February, the official IRNA news agency reported Thursday.
Palestinians worldwide reach 11 million: report
The number of Palestinians in the world reaches 11 million, a report said
Thursday.
PNA moves towards economic independence: minister
The Palestinian National Authority (PNA) is working intensively to achieve
independence of the Palestinian economy, Economy Minister Hassan Abu Libda said
Thursday.
Yemen releases hundreds of Houthi rebels over Qatari mediation
Yemeni security authorities on Thursday released hundreds of Houthi-led northern
Shiite rebel prisoners following a Qatari mediation, the rebels and local media
said.
Roundup: Israeli court convicts former president of rape, host of
sexual abuse charges
by Gur Salomon
Egypt's stock exchange indices end mixed
Egypt's benchmark stock index EGX30 closed at 7,142.14 points on Thursday, up
0.93 percent from previous close. EGX70, the broader stock market index, ended
0.02 percent lower at 721.54 points.
CNPCI in Syria benefits local environment, community
In March 2003, China National Petroleum Corporation International (CNPCI) and
the state- owned Syria Petroleum Company signed the contract for development and
production of Gebibe oilfield in Hasaka, 600 km northeast of the capital
Damascus. Since then the CNPCI has devoted to improving local environment and
developing local communities while applying advanced technology in oil
exploration.
Iran says energy consumption declines as a result of subsidy
reform plan
Iran's Deputy Energy Minister Mohammad Behzad said Thursday that consumption of
energy has declined in Iran since the enforcement of the subsidy reform plan in
the country, the state-run IRIB TV channel reported.
Haneya urges Jordan's king to press to prevent Israeli attack on
Gaza
Deposed Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haneya on Thursday called on Jordan's King
Abdullah II to move to curb possible Israeli military operation against Gaza.
Washington's decision to appoint ambassador to Syria "late":
local experts
Syrian political experts noted here on Thursday the U.S. administration's
decision to appoint an ambassador to Damascus as "late step."
North, south Sudan armies express commitment to protect oil
production areas during, after referendum
Armies of north and south Sudan on Thursday vowed to protect oil production
areas during and after south Sudan referendum and expressed commitment not to
support any armed activities targeting north or south Sudan.
Turkey's exports exceeds year-end target
Turkey's exports this year totaled 112.7 billion U.S. dollars near the end of
2010 and exceeded the government's year-end target of 111.7 billion U.S.
dollars, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported Thursday.
Backgrounder: Israeli ex-president's sexual scandal
By Adam Gonn, Gur Salomon
Roundup: Turkish president visits southeast to ease tensions
Turkey's President Abdullah Gul visited the predominantly Kurdish city
Diyarbakir in the southeast on Thursday in order to ease recent tensions
stemming from opposition to Kurdish demands for bilingualism and autonomy.
Syrian president attends local afforestation campaign
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad participated Thursday in a local afforestation
campaign, Syrian official SANA news agency reported.
Urgent: Attacks at Christians in Baghdad kill 2, wound 14
A series of attacks targeted Iraqi Christians Thursday in Baghdad, leaving two
killed and 14 others wounded, an interior ministry sources said.
1st LD: Attacks targeting Christians in Baghdad kill 2, wound 14
A series of attacks targeting Iraqi Christians on Thursday in Baghdad left two
killed and 14 others wounded, an interior ministry sources said.
Xinhua Middle East news summary at 2200 GMT, Dec. 30
A panel of judges in a Tel Aviv court convicted Moshe Katsav, Israel's eighth
president, guilty of several charges of rape and other sexual abuse of female
employees during his tenure both as president and as tourism minister.
Australia's New South Wales gov't warns on New Year's Eve sexual
assault
New Year's Eve revelers in Sydney were given a warning on Friday by the New
South Wales (NSW) government that sexual assault was not tolerated.
Urgent: S. Korea confirms outbreak of bird flu in two provinces
South Korea Friday confirmed an outbreak of bird flu at two poultry farms in two
provinces, the Ministry for Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries said.
S. Korean president shakes up Cabinet
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak nominated Friday a new culture minister and
a knowledge economy minister in a small cabinet shakeup, his office Cheong Wa
Dae said.
Refugee boat arrivals to continue in 2011: Australian Opposition
Australia's border security is in pieces and the "tsunami" of asylum-seeker boat
arrivals will cascade into 2011, federal Opposition said on Friday.
Australian dollar unlikely to rise beyond parity: analysts
The Australian dollar would be unlikely to rise further in 2011, said currency
analysts on Friday.
1st LD: S. Korean confirms outbreak of bird flu at two poultry
farms
SEOUL, Dec. 31 (Xinhua)  South Korea Friday confirmed an outbreak of bird flu at
two poultry farms in the central and southwestern parts of the country.
S. Korea confirms 3 additional foot-and-mouth disease outbreaks
South Korea confirmed three additional cases of foot-and-mouth disease on
Friday, despite its extensive quarantine efforts to contain the highly
contagious animal disease.
Fuel expenses top cost for air transport firms in Singapore:
survey
Fuel expenses cost more than remuneration for air transport firms in Singapore
in 2009, although air transport services were the best paid among six industries
of the transport and storage sector, according to a latest survey.
Singapore-based Armarda in talks to buy Chinese firm
Singapore-listed information technology company Armarda is planning to acquire a
Chinese company in the next few weeks, a local newspaper reported Thursday.
Foreign investment in Myanmar's oil, gas hits 13.5 billion USD
Foreign investment in Myanmar's oil and gas has hit 13.5 billion U.S. dollars
since the country opened to such investment in late 1988, the local Biweekly
Eleven News reported Friday.
Two village officials killed in S. Philippines attack
Two village officials and a nine-year-old girl were killed in separate attacks
by suspected Muslim rebels on Thursday afternoon in the southern Philippines, a
military spokesman said on Friday.
Indonesia sentences 10 terrorists linked to Aceh camp
An Indonesian court in the capital city handed down jail sentences of 8 to 12
years to 10 terrorists either convicted of attacks on foreigners or involvement
in a paramilitary training camp in Aceh province early this year, local media
reported here on Friday.
Indian stocks open higher
Indian main stock index Sensex opened at 20,412.76 points Friday, 23.69 points
higher from previous close of 20,389.07 points on firm expectations of upcoming
corporate earnings results.
Indonesia beefs up security at tourist spots on New Year's eve
An Indonesian senior police officer said security in Bali, the island's most
popular tourist area, would be beefed up for New Year's Eve celebrations, local
media reported here on Friday  "We will prioritize security arrangements at
tourist spots," Bali's Denpasar Police chief Sr. Comr. Suryanbodo Asmoro said,
quoted by the Jakarta Post. Thousands of additional officers would be deployed
to key areas to provide security on New Year's Eve, he added.
Singapore prime retail rents edge up in Q4
The rents of prime retail space in Singapore inched up marginally in the fourth
quarter on the back of improving outlook for retailers, real estate consultancy
Knight Frank said.
Singapore to give multi-ethnic children double-barrelled race
option
Children born to couples in inter- ethnic marriages in Singapore can opt to have
two or one of their parents' races reflected in their birth certificate starting
from next year.
Urgent: 2 Afghan policemen killed in operation
Two Afghan policemen were killed in an operation in Afghanistan's northern
Takhar province, spokesman for provincial administration said Friday.
Urgent: 2 earthquakes occur in Vietnam's northern province
A Vietnamese senior official said here Friday that two earthquakes happened
early this morning in Vietnam's northern province of Son La, and it has caused
no damages or casualties so far, Vietnam News Agency reported.
Nepal to publicize campaign for Tourism Year-2011 promotion
With Nepal Tourism Year-2011 ( NTY) nearing, the Ministry of Finance has
formally released a budget of 120 million Nepali rupees (some 1.7 million
U.S.dollars) to publicize the campaign at the international level.
Investments in Indonesia's mining sector beyond target: official
A senior official of Indonesian Energy and Mineral Resources Ministry said that
the total investment in the country's mineral and coal mining sector in 2010 was
2.28 billion U.S. dollars, surpassing the ministry's target initially set at
2.119 billion U.S. dollars, local media reported here Thursday.
Thai PM holds urgent meeting over arrest of 7 Thais by Cambodia
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva Thursday called an urgent meeting of
security agencies over the arrest of a Democrat MP and six other Thais by
Cambodia authorities on charge of trespassing on Cambodian territory.
2 Taliban local commanders killed in E. Afghanistan: NATO
Two Taliban local commanders were killed in Nangarhar province of eastern
Afghanistan Wednesday as part of the Afghan and NATO forces intensified campaign
against militants' mid-level command structure and its supply lines, the NATO-
led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) said in a press release
issued here on Thursday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 30
South Korea Thursday confirmed an additional case of foot-and-mouth disease,
despite extensive quarantine efforts to contain the spread of the highly
contagious disease.
S. Korea calls DPRK "enemy" in its defense white paper
South Korea labeled the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) government
and its military an enemy in the latest defense white paper released Thursday by
the defense ministry here.
S. Korea reports suspected case of bird flu
A suspected case of bird flu has been reported from a chicken farm in a
southeastern region of the country, raising concerns over a fresh outbreak of
bird flu amid South Korea's struggle with the spread of foot-and-mouth disease,
the Ministry for Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries said Thursday.
Bangladesh sentences 59 more border guards for mutiny involvement
A special court of Bangladesh's border guards Thursday sentenced 59 personnel of
the paramilitary force to different terms of rigorous imprisonment for the
February 2009 mutiny involvement.
Australian Greens outlines party's agenda for 2011
Australian Greens leader Bob Brown on Thursday outlined his party's agenda for
2011.
Food crisis emerges in Australia's flood-stricken regions
A food crisis is emerging in Australia's flood-stricken areas of Queensland, the
Australian Associated Press (AAP) reported on Thursday.
S. Korea reports first A/H1N1 flu death
South Korea reported the first A/ H1N1 flu death this year, local media reported
Thursday citing the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Nikkei closes 1.12 pct lower as yen hits 7-week high against
dollar
Tokyo stocks closed lower on the final trading day of 2010 on Thursday as the
Japanese strengthened to a seven-week high against the U.S. dollar.
S. Korean shares close higher on last trading day of 2010
South Korean shares closed strong Thursday, the last trading day of the year, as
investors bought shares in insurers and brokerages on optimism for the market's
prospects, local analysts said.
Urgent:  Over a dozen killed and injured as roadside bomb struck
mini-bus in S. Afghanistan
Over a dozen people were killed or injured as a roadside bomb struck mini-bus in
Helmand province south of Afghanistan on Thursday, an official said.
Indonesia surpasses target on foreign tourist arrival in 2010
Foreign tourist arrival in Indonesia reached 7,000,571 in 2010, surpassing the
target of 7 million, a minister said here on Thursday.
1st LD: 16 people killed and injured in roadside bomb in S.
Afghanistan
Over a dozen people were killed and injured as a roadside bomb struck a mini-
bus in Helmand province, south of Afghanistan on Thursday, an official said.
More employers offering work-life arrangements in Singapore
Work-life arrangements are now more common in Singapore, with 35 percent of
establishments offering at least one form of work-life arrangement to their
employees in 2010, according to a latest survey released Thursday.
2nd LD Writethru: 16 people killed and injured in roadside bomb
in S. Afghanistan
Over a dozen people were killed and injured as a roadside bomb struck a mini-
bus in Helmand province, south of Afghanistan on Thursday, an official said.
Vietnam's foreign arrivals up this year
Vietnam is expected to receive over five million foreign tourists this year, up
31.58 percent year- on- year, according to a report by Vietnam's General
Statistics Office on Thursday.
Roundup: Nikkei drops as yen hits 7-week high against dollar,
falls 3 pct in 2010
The Nikkei stock index fell 1.12 percent on the last trading day of 2010 as the
yen's appreciation to a seven-week high against the U.S. dollar spurred
investors to lock in profits on Thursday.
Dollar at mid-81 yen in Tokyo
The U.S. dollar traded at the mid-81 yen level after briefly dipping into the
lower 81 yen rang Thursday in Tokyo.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 30
South Korea labeled the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) government
and its military an "enemy" in the latest defense white paper released Thursday
by the defense ministry here.
Indonesia to increase tax on imported movie
Indonesia will increase tax on imported movie as an effort to further encourage
domestic motion picture industry, a minister said here on Thursday.
Malaysia tin market closes lower
The local tin market closed lower Thursday, and the trading volume dropped
compared with Wednesday.
Singapore shares close 0.14 pct higher
The shares prices on Singapore Exchange closed slightly higher Thursday, with
the benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) up 4.55 points, or 0.14 percent at
3,212. 46.
Food inflation continues to rise in India
India's food inflation stood at 14.44 percent for the week which ended on Dec.
18, higher than 12. 13 percent from the previous week, reported the Indo Asian
News Service Thursday.
Analysis: Malaysian economy still faces challenges ahead
By Kevin Ong
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 30
The Philippine market finished Thursday's session up by 0.04 percent.
Visitor arrivals to Singapore hit new high in November
Visitor arrivals to Singapore in November grew 16.1 percent year on year to
reach a record level of 963,000, statistics released Thursday by Singapore
Tourism Board ( STB) showed.
14 civilians killed, 4 others injured in S. Afghanistan
Fourteen civilians were killed and four others were injured as a roadside bomb
struck a mini- bus in Helmand province, south of Afghanistan on Thursday,
provincial administration spokesman confirmed.
No release of seven Thais illegally entering Cambodian territory:
Cambodia
Cambodian Foreign Minister Hor Namhong said on Thursday that there is no any
release of the seven Thai nationals arrested on Wednesday in Banteay Meanchey
and they were already sent into prison.
Roundup: Snowfall brings Indian-controlled Kashmir to standstill
The plains and mountains of Indian-controlled Kashmir have received a first
snowfall this winter since Wednesday evening, putting an end to two-month-long
dry spell in the region, Meteorological officials said on Thursday.
(Recast) No release of seven Thais illegally entering Cambodian
territory: Cambodia
Cambodian Foreign Minister Hor Namhong said on Thursday that there is no any
release of the seven Thai nationals arrested on Wednesday in Banteay Meanchey
and they were already sent into prison.
Indonesian president targets 8 percent GDP growth rate by 2020
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said on Thursday that the
country's annual Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth rate would reach 8 percent
within 10 years, up from an average of 6 percent in 2010, local media reported.
Myanmar anticipates new achievement in economic cooperation with
China
Myanmar top leader Senior- General Than Shwe expressed wishes Thursday to
continue economic and trade cooperation with China.
Pakistan to contest U.S. court notices to intelligence officials
Pakistan has decided Thursday to go legal battle for officials of its
intelligence agency Inter- Services Intelligence (ISI), who had been summoned by
a U.S. court in response to a lawsuit filed by relatives of two American victims
of 2008 Mumbai attacks accusing them of providing material support for the
attacks.
Indonesia to issue retail Islamic bond next year
Indonesian Finance Ministry planned to issue retail Islamic bond known as "sukuk
retail" at the beginning of next year, Director for Treasury of the ministry
Rahmat Waluyanto said here Thursday.
Chinese book exhibition kicks off in Nepali capital
A four-day Chinese book exhibition kicked off in Nepali capital Kathmandu on
Thursday with the aim of strengthening the Nepal-China bond.
Afghan peace council members to visit Pakistan
Members of the Afghan High Peace Council will visit Pakistan next week for talks
with Pakistani leaders on the country's role in the peace efforts, the Foreign
Ministry of Pakistan said Thursday.
Indonesia holds international open-space art exhibition
JAKARTA, Dec. 30 (Xinhua) - Indonesia hosted a month-long art exhibition
participated by various prominent artists coming from Asia, Europe and South
America who showcased the bests of their open-art products.
Roundup: Oil rally propels Karachi bourse to two-year high
A massive bullish rally in oil sectors made the main index at Pakistan's Karachi
Stock Exchange ( KSE) to hit two years highest point here Thursday with volumes
also improving tremendously.
Sri Lanka sets condition for UN panel visit
The Sri Lankan government said Thursday that UN Secretary General's panel could
be allowed to visit the country only if it doesn't investigate into alleged war
crimes against the country.
Sri Lanka to drop colonial Ceylon from official names
The Sri Lankan government is to officially drop the name Ceylon from titles of
government institutions by bringing in legislative changes.
Sri Lanka to set up university branch in Maldives
Sri Lanka is to set up a university branch in neighboring Maldives, where only
one college exists, a spokesman said Thursday.
Sri Lankan opposition to protest against high cost of living
Sri Lankan opposition parties lashed out at the government on Thursday for its
inability to control the skyrocketing cost of living and planned to launch a
countrywide protest.
Indian police arrest bank fraudster in multi-million-dollar scam
Indian police Thursday arrested an employee of a private bank for allegedly
masterminding a multi- million-dollar fraud at one of the bank's branches in
Gurgaon, a wealthy suburb some 30 kilometers from the national capital.
Pakistani forces kill 20 militants in tribal area
Pakistan army helicopters shelled hideouts of suspected Taliban in the northwest
Kurram tribal agency on Thursday and killed nearly 20 militants, officials in
the region said.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 30
Fourteen civilians were killed and four others were injured as a roadside bomb
struck a mini- bus in Helmand province, south of Afghanistan on Thursday,
provincial administration spokesman confirmed.
India to change settlement mechanism for Iranian crude imports
India's petroleum and finance ministry are working out an alternate settlement
mechanism for Iranian crude imports, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said
Indian companies cannot use the Asian Clearing Union (ACU) to settle dues with
Iran any more, reported the Indo-Asian News Service Thursday.
Explosion hit Nigeria's oil rich Bayelsa State
Two explosions hit a southern Nigerian city on Wednesday, injuring several
people, police said.
Nigerian president says efforts to resolve Cote d'Ivoire's crisis
on course
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has said negotiation for the peaceful
resolution of the political impasse in Cote d'Ivoire was on course.
Nigerian president urges youths to defend votes during polls
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has charged the country's youth to fully
participate in the 2011 polls by coming out to vote and defend their votes.
Urgent: Seven killed in latest attack in Nigeria: report
Seven people were killed in northeastern Nigeria when a police vehicle was
attacked, media reports said Thursday.
1st LD: Seven killed in latest attack in Nigeria: report
Seven people were killed in northeastern Nigeria when a police vehicle was
attacked, media reports said Thursday.
Somali PM asked to suspend agreement with security firm Saracen
Somali lawmakers on Thursday demanded suspension of the work of international
security firm Saracen in the war-torn country and called on Prime Minister
Mohamed Abdulahi to explain government deals with the firm in four weeks' time.
Urgent: Somali pirates seize fishing vessel off Madagascar
An fishing vessel was seized by Somali pirates off Madagascar, the European
Naval force disclosed on Thursday.
1st LD: Somali pirates seize fishing vessel off Madagascar
An fishing vessel was seized by Somali pirates off Madagascar, the European
Naval force disclosed on Thursday.
Zambia's annual inflation rises to 7.9 pct
Zambia has seen its annual rate of inflation increase to 7.9 percent in December
after recording a downward trend in the previous months, the Southern African
country's Central Statistical Office (CSO) reported on Thursday.
2nd LD: Seven killed in latest attack in Nigeria: report
Seven people were killed in northeastern Nigeria when a police vehicle was
attacked, media reports said Thursday.
Russian stocks close mixed
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Thursday with both key indexes slightly
higher.
(Recast) Russian stocks close higher
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Thursday with both key indexes slightly
higher.
Georgia exports 34 pct more wine in 2011: ministry
The South Caucasus country of Georgia has witnessed a 34-percent increase of its
wine exports in the past year, the Georgian agriculture ministry reported on
Thursday.
1st Ld: Moldova's three parties set up right-centrist coalition
Moldova's three right-centrist parties on Thursday signed a agreement on setting
up a governing coalition in the parliament.
Georgia's external debt totals 3.87 bln USD
The external debt of the South Caucasus country of Georgia has accumulated to
3.872 billion U.S. dollars by Nov. 30, up by 36.5 million dollars, the country's
finance ministry reported on Thursday.
UN advisers concerned about reports of human rights violations in
Cote d'Ivoire
Advisers of UN Secretary- General Ban Ki-moon on the prevention of genocide, and
the responsibility to protect, respectively, have "expressed grave concern"
about the unfolding situation in Cote d'Ivoire, said a statement released here
Thursday.
Roundup: Mascot of Shanghai Expo concludes year-long global
adventure
"Haibao," the blue- colored mascot of Shanghai Expo 2010, landed in Atlanta,
Georgia of the United States Wednesday, concluding its year-long global
adventure.
U.S. stocks drop amid concerns over rising mortgage rate
U.S. stocks dropped on Thursday as investors were worried about a rising
mortgage rate that could further hamper housing sales.
Flamengo close to receiving Thiago Neves
The Flamengo soccer team rejoiced on Thursday with the news that midfielder
Thiago Neves is well on his way to returning to Brazil.
Internacional's D'Alessandro selected best player in Americas
Internacional's star midfielder, an Argentinean native Andres D'Alessandro, won
the prize on Thursday of being selected the best player in the Americas.
Russia expects further development of bilateral relations with
Ukraine
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Thursday that he expects a further
development of bilateral relations with Ukraine in 2011.
Qatar's emir visits Austria to further economic ties
Qatar's Emir Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani on Thursday started a three-day
state visit to Austria that focuses on furthering bilateral economic ties.
Three killed in apartment fire in U.S. city of Oakland
Three people were killed and two others injured in an apartment fire early
Thursday in Oakland, a city about 13 km east of San Francisco.
Fluminense reveal Araujo as newest member
The Fluminense soccer team announced striker Araujo as its newest member on
Thursday.
London stock market closes lower
The London stock market closed lower on Thursday, with the leading FTSE 100
index down 25.35 points, or 0.42 percent, at 5,971.01 points.
2nd Ld-Writethru: Moldova's three parties set up right-centrist
coalition
Moldova's three right-centrist parties on Thursday signed an agreement on
setting up a governing coalition in the parliament.
Three Polish miners die in copper mine cave-in
Three Polish miners died in a cave- in at a copper mine in Polkowice in south-
western Poland on Thursday morning, local media reported.
Russia to start weekly grain intervention in January
Starting from Jan. 2011, the Russian government will sell grain from its
intervention stock every week, said Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Thursday.
Russia urges Israel to stop settlement construction
The Jewish settlement activity has been a "key obstacle" to the full-fledged
negotiation between Israel and Palestine, said Russian Foreign Minister Sergei
Lavrov Thursday on the TV channel Rossiya 24.
Ford, Chrysler recall over 160,000 vehicles
Ford Motor Co. said Thursday that it is recalling nearly 15,000 2011 models
vehicles over fire concerns. Separately, Chrysler Group LLC issued three new
recalls for nearly 150,000 vehicles on the same day.
South Africa's soccer club Mpumalanga Black Aces picks new coach
South Africa soccer league club Mpumalanga Black Aces appointed Paul Dolezar as
its new head coach on Thursday, the club chief executive officer Marc Grune
announced.
Moldova's Democratic Party head elected parliament speaker
Moldova's Democratic Party leader Marian Lupu was elected as parliament speaker
late Thursday, news reaching here reported.
Urgent: Gold retreats for the first time this week on upbeat U.S.
job data
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange ended a
three-session winning streak and gave up all the previous session's gains on
Thursday, as upbeat U.S. job data outweighed the dollar's losses, eroding the
precious metal's appeal as a safe-haven.
Gold retreats for the first time this week on upbeat job data
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange ended a
three-session winning streak and gave up all the previous session's gains on
Thursday, as an upbeat U.S. job report outweighed the dollar's losses, eroding
the precious metal's appeal as a safe-haven. Silver also reversed gains.
More U.S. cities, even states face bankruptcy in 2011: report
Despite U.S. President Barack Obama's argument that the U.S. economy is "past
the crisis point," more U.S. cities and even some states actually are facing
bankruptcy in 2011 if they can not find out a way to balance the budget.
UN chief remains concerned about situation in Cote d'Ivoire
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon said in a statement released here on Thursday
that he remains "very concerned" about the deteriorating situation in Cote d'
Ivoire.
Urgent: Oil falls below 90 USD on profit-taking
Crude prices on Thursday declined sharply as investors took profits before year-
end. Light, sweet crude for February delivery fell 1.28 U.S. dollars, or 1.40
percent, to 89.84 dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile.
Delta plane makes emergency landing in Colorado Springs
An engine problem prompted a Delta Airlines plane to make an emergency landing
at the Colorado Springs Airport on Thursday, authorities said.
1st Ld-Writethru: Oil falls sharply on profit-taking
Crude prices on Thursday fell sharply below 90 U.S. dollars a barrel as
investors took profits before year-end.
German exports rise strongly in third quarter
German exports surged 21.5 percent in the third quarter on a yearly basis,
consistently injecting energy to the country's fast recovery, official data show
Thursday.
U.S. navy bans smoking on submarines
The U.S. Navy is set to install a smoking ban below decks aboard submarines when
the clock strikes midnight Dec. 31, the Pentagon said Thursday.
U.S. pending home sales up 3.5 percent in November
The number of sales agreements for previously occupied homes rose in November
and outpaced economists' expectation, a leading U.S. industry group reported
Thursday.
Yearender: Ghana soccer on high pedestal in 2010
Soccer in Ghana is regarded as the passion of the nation and a day did not pass
by in the year without Ghanaian soccer fans making comments and arguments about
their much cherished local clubs, national teams and sports icons which hold in
high esteem.
France's fuel costs surge in December on booming demand
France's fuel costs surged in December as growing demand pulled up oil prices in
world markets.
Urgent: U.S. stocks drop as traders lock in profits
U.S. stocks dropped Thursday on concerns over rising mortgage rate, despite
positive economic data.
MTA fare increase takes effect in New York City
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) of New York City's new fare hike
for subways, buses and commuter rails went into effect on Thursday.
Urgent: Dollar mixed on upbeat economic data
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Thursday as some economic data showed optimism in U.S. economy.
1st LD Writethru: Dollar mixed on upbeat economic data
The U.S. dollar traded mixed against major currencies in late New York trading
on Thursday as some economic data showed optimism in U.S. economy.
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks end lower as traders lock in
profits
U.S. stocks dropped modestly Thursday as investors locked in gains at the year
end, despite positive economic news.
Most Americans oppose Afghan war: poll
Poll results released Thursday found that more than six in ten Americans oppose
the U.S. war in Afghanistan, and more people now believe things are going badly
over there.
Chicago corn snaps a 10 session winning streak on downbeat export
report, technical selling
Chicago corn futures fell to break a ten-session winning streak on Thursday,
hammered by last week's sluggish U.S. corn export data as well as fear of index
fund selling. Wheat reversed the week's gains, and soybean also fell slightly.
New York mayor calls city's snow removal effort "unacceptable"
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Thursday called the city's blizzard response
"inadequate and unacceptable."
Serbian police uncover valuable art collection in search
Serbian police on Thursday uncovered a valuable art collection when they
searched for war- crimes fugitive Goran Hadzic wanted by a UN court, Serbian
news agency Tanjug reported.
Canadian government highlights tax relief for 2011
Canadian government highlighted on Thursday a series of tax reliefs, which will
take effect in 2011.
Germany in coldest December in 40 years
Germany has experienced the coldest December in more than 40 years, the German
Weather Service (DWD) said Thursday.
Garnett to miss several weeks due to injury
Boston Celtics' forward Kevin Garnett could be forced to stay on bench for
several weeks after an MRI confirmed a strained right calf on Thursday.
Roundup: U.S. stocks edge down despite positive economic reports
U.S. stocks edged down on Thursday as investors shrugged off a bunch of positive
economic reports and chose to  lock in profits before year-end.
Mayor of U.S. city Houston asks for six unpaid days for city
workers to narrow budget gap
The mayor of U.S. city Houston said Thursday said she will ask city employees to
take six unpaid days off over the next six months, to help close the city's
budget gap.
5.9-magnitude quake hits Santa Cruz Islands -- USGS
An earthquake measuring 5.9 on the Richter scale jolted Santa Cruz Islands at
14:36:56 GMT on Thursday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
French industrial gas giant to invest in Kazakhstan
France's industrial gas giant Air Liquide  will invest about 250 million euros
(331.3 million U.S. dollars) from 2011 to 2015 in Kazakhstan to produce
industrial gases in the country, the Interfax News Agency reported Thursday.
Stocks close mixed in Central America
Central America's two major bourses closed mixed on Thursday.
Stocks close higher in Mexico, Argentina and Brazil
All Latin America's three major bourses closed higher Thursday.
Obama marks anniversary of attack on CIA in Afghanistan
U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday marked the one year anniversary of the
attack in Afghanistan that killed seven personnel of the Central Intelligence
Agency (CIA).
Xinhua world news summary at 0030 GMT, Dec. 31
A series of attacks targeting Iraqi Christians on Thursday in Baghdad left two
killed and 14 others wounded, an interior ministry sources said.
Storms kill 16 in southeast Brazil
Sixteen people have died in heavy storms that were striking southeastern Brazil
this week, authorities said on Thursday.
Clinton to attend inauguration of new Brazilian president
The U.S. embassy confirmed on Thursday that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
will arrive here Saturday for the inauguration of President-elect Dilma
Rousseff.
Brazilian stocks up 1.04 pct year to date
Brazilian stocks closed higher on Thursday, with the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange's
Ibovespa index up 0.51 percent to finish at 69,304 points.
Chinese, Russian leaders exchange New Year greetings
Chinese President Hu Jintao and his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev
exchanged congratulatory messages on New Year's eve on Friday.
Brazil hikes minimum wage by 5.88 pct
Outgoing Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva approved a 5.88-percent
hike in minimum wage, in a bid to avert pressure on his successor, who takes
office on Saturday.
Former Cuban leader praises British newspaper report on Cuban
medical aid to Haiti
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro said on Thursday that the British newspaper
"The Independent" was "bold and brave" in praising Cuban medical aid workers in
Haiti.
Brazilian president hails record-high exports
Outgoing Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Thursday commended the
country's record-high exports this year, as a sign of economic strength.
Mexico, Honduras move to fight kidnapping of migrants
The Mexican and Honduran governments launched a binational commission to combat
the kidnapping of Central American migrants on Mexican soil, Honduran Deputy
Foreign Minister Alden Rivera Montes said on Thursday.
Brazil starts to issue new ID cards
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Justice Minister Luiz Paulo
Barreto on Thursday joined their countrymen to apply for a new chip-based
identity card.
Canada to strengthen health warnings on cigarette packages
Canadian Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq said on Thursday that Canada intended to
launch updated, larger health warning messages and a toll-free quitline on
cigarette and little cigar packages that will be the backbone of a social
marketing campaign to encourage smokers to quit.
Backgrounder: Timeline of euro
Estonia will become the 17th European Union (EU) country to use the euro on Jan.
1, 2011, as a sovereign debt crisis is posing the biggest threat to the single
currency. The following are principal dates in the history of the euro.
Backgrounder: Basic facts about euro
Estonia will become the 17th European Union (EU) country to use euro on
Saturday, at a time when the eurozone is still mired in a debt crisis. The
following are basic facts about the euro.
U.S. rig count shrinks to 1,694
The number of operating oil and natural gas rigs in the United States shrank
from 1,714 to 1,694 this week, according to a weekly count released here
Thursday.
Cuba, Brazil eye closer ties in post-Lula era
Officials from Cuba and Brazil Wednesday expressed a "common will" to continue
enhancing ties after the tenure of Brazilian President Luis Inacio Lula da
Silva, which ends on Saturday.
Cuban, Russian parliaments sign cooperation agreement
The State Duma of the Federal Assembly of Russia signed here on Thursday a
parliamentary cooperation agreement with the Cuban Popular Power National
Assembly.
Mexico, Honduras set up new group on migration
Mexico and Honduras have agreed to cooperate more closely on migration during a
three-day visit by Honduran Deputy Foreign Minister Alden Rivera, Mexico's
Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday.
Interview: Danish ship company sees future in LatAm-Asia trade
by Luis Alberto Sierra, Jamie Wick
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0530 GMT, Dec. 30
The eurozone has been plagued by a sovereign debt crisis throughout 2010, and
several financial experts in Denmark warned that the mired situation may extend
well into 2011.
DPRK hopes for early improvement of inter-Korean relations
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) wished an early improvement of
relations with South Korea, the DPRK's Rodong Sinmun said Friday.
Cuba imposes ban on polluting gases
The Cuban Ozone Technical Office (OTOZ) ratified a ban on Wednesday to import
six types of gases harmful to the ozone layer.
Yearender: 2010 -- A year of events in eyes of Xinhua overseas
regional bureau chiefs
The world is bidding farewell to 2010, a troubled and eventful year with
political and economic gridlock haunting the United States, major reforms
launched by the European Union (EU), uncertainties mounting in the Middle East,
and tensions escalating on the Korean Peninsula.
Denmark, Sweden jointly arrest 5 terror suspects
The Danish Security and Intelligence Service (PET) said Wednesday that the PET
and the Swedish Security Service (SAPO) have jointly arrested five individuals
suspected of plotting a terror attack in Copenhagen.
News Analysis: China's economic "paradoxes" and their solutions
by Xinhua writers Ming Jinwei, Xu Duo
Urgent: Bomb explodes outside court in Athens
A blast outside a court in Athens on Thursday has caused damage to the court
buildings in central Athens, local media reported.
Venezuela to create 10 new military districts
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said 10 new military districts would be created
to improve the armed forces' deployment capacity, local press reported
Wednesday.
Canada needs to be better prepared for pandemic: report
Crowds of women, children, the elderly and the sick were waiting in lines in the
chilly cold wind for vaccination against the H1N1 flu pandemic that had swept
across Canada.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 30
A blast outside a court in Athens on Thursday has caused damage to the court
buildings in central Athens, local media reported.
1st LD: Bomb explodes outside court in Athens, no injuries
reported so far
A car bomb rocked the Administrative Court of Athens in Panormos area at around
08:21 a.m. local time (0621 GMT) on Thursday, but no injuries have been reported
so far.
German stocks open higher
German stocks opened higher Thursday at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Mongolia to set up bank to develop heavy industry
The Mongolian Government would set up a development bank to finance large mining
and infrastructure projects, the Mongolian Press Service announced Thursday.
Feature: Different world in an ABC's eyes
"It's my decision, just leave it to myself," a 17-year-old Chicago high school
student called Michael Song told his father, who advised his son to choose a
diplomatic career.
Cost of Mistral warships for Russia soars to 1.8 bln USD: report
Russia could pay more than 1.8 billion U.S. dollars, much higher than initially
estimated, for two Mistral-class helicopter carriers from France, RIA Novosti
news agency reported Thursday.
London stock market rises in early trade
London stock market rose on Thursday with the leading FTSE 100 index up by 5.3
points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,001.6 points in early trade.
Russia to remove fuel tariff to Kyrgyzstan next year
Russia will remove fuel tariff to Kyrgyzstan from Jan. 1 of 2011, Kyrgyz
government Information Office has said.
Urgent: Explosion occurs in Oslo: report
An explosion occurred Thursday in downtown Oslo without immediate reports of
injuries so far, the Norwegian news agency reported.
Moscow airports' operations back to normal
Moscow airports gradually returned to normal operations with a three-day backlog
cleared, Russia's Federal Air Navigation Authority (Rosaviatsia) said Thursday.
Fire kills two in eastern France
Two men were killed and several others suffered from asphyxiation due to a fire
in eastern France, local media reported on Thursday.
Blast occurs in Argentina, no injuries reported so far
An explosive device blew up early Thursday in the Argentine capital, with no
immediate reports of injuries, police sources said.
Colombian president meets Chinese state councilor on relations
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, just returned from a tour of a flood
region Wednesday, met visiting Chinese State Councilor Liu Yandong to discuss
further development of relations between the two countries.
Greek police suspect local militant group behind Athens blast
Greek counter terrorism experts suspect a local militant group of causing the
explosion outside a court building in central Athens early Thursday, according
to local media.
Greek police investigate phone bomb warning in Athens
Greek authorities were investigating a bomb warning call to a local newspaper
Thursday, just hours after a courthouse was damaged in a bombing possibly
triggered by an area guerilla group, local media reported.
Russia says island dispute no obstacle to ties with Japan
Russia did not see its dispute with Japan over four Pacific islands as an
obstacle to the development of bilateral relations, Russia's deputy foreign
minister, Alexei Borodavkin, said here Thursday.
Russia urges return to talks to ease tension on Korean peninsula
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) and South Korea should start
talks to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula, Russia's deputy foreign
minister, Alexei Borodavkin, said Thursday.
Greek political leaders condemn terrorism after bomb blast
The Greek government and opposition political parties strongly condemned
terrorism Thursday after a bomb blast rocked an Athens courthouse, causing
material damage but no injuries.
1st LD,Writethru: Blast occurs in Argentina, no injuries
A bomb exploded in front of the Greek embassy here early Thursday but caused no
injuries, police said.
Mongolia to join Asian-African disaster warning system
Mongolia has joined the Regional Integrated Multi-hazard Early Warning System
for Africa and Asia (RIMES) to boost protection against natural disasters,
according to a press release issued here Thursday.
1st LD: Explosion occurs in Oslo: report
An explosion occurred Thursday in downtown Oslo but there were no reports of
injury, the Norwegian news agency reported.
London stock market down by midday
The London stock market fell by midday on Thursday, with the leading FTSE 100
index down by 18.9 points to 5,977.4 points at noon.
Pop singer Bobby Farrell dies in Russia
Bobby Farrell, the lead singer of Boney M, a European chart-topping group in the
1970s, died in a St. Petersburg hotel, his agent said Thursday. Farrell was 61.
DPRK media criticizes South Korea's move of calling it an 'enemy'
Uriminzokkiri, the government-run website of the Democratic People's Republic of
Korea (DPRK), on Thursday criticized South Korea's move of calling it an enemy.
Russian senator vows to boost China-Russia ties
The Russia-China Friendship Parliamentary Group is willing to dedicate
unremitting efforts in boosting the development of the China-Russia strategic
cooperative partnership of cooperation, said Vladimir Gusev, chairman of the
group.
Armenia registers GDP growth in 2010
The Armenian prime minister said Thursday that the country registered a
2.6-percent growth in gross domestic product during 2010.
Armenia posts year-round inflation of 9.4 percent
Annual inflation in Armenia has averaged 9.4 percent for the past year, 2.9
percentage points high than 2009, the Armenian national statistics service
reported Thursday.
Former Russian oil tycoons sentenced to 14 years behind bars
Two former oil tycoons, Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Platon Lebedev, have been
sentenced to 14 and 13.5 years in prison, a Moscow judge announced Thursday.
Mongolian PM to visit Kuwait in early 2011
Prime Minister Batbold Sukhbaatar will visit Kuwait after the new year, the
Mongolian government press service said Thursday.
Netherlands releases Somali held on suspicion of terrorism
The last among 12 Somali arrested in Rotterdam on suspicion of involvement in
terrorism was released Thursday, but remains a suspect, the Dutch public
prosecution said.
Spain PM cautiously optimistic about 2011
Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero on Thursday looked ahead to 2011 and
expressed cautious optimism toward his country's performance during the year.
2nd LD,Writethru: Explosion occurs in front of Oslo jewelry shop
An explosion occurred early Thursday in front of a jewelry shop in downtown
Oslo, cusing some property damage but no injuries.
Azerbaijan to strive for one-plus inflation in 2011 -- central
bank
The Central Bank of Azerbaijan has disclosed the country's 2011 financial and
monetary policy in a year-end statement released Thursday -- to keep the
Azerbaijani annual inflation at the one-plus level.
Urgent: Moldova's three parties set up right-centrist coalition
Moldova's three right-centrist parties on Thursday signed a agreement on setting
up a governing coalition in the parliament.
U.S. stocks wobble despite upbeat jobs data
U.S. stocks wobbled around the breakeven line in early trading on Thursday
despite upbeat news about initial jobless claims.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 30
Seven people were killed in northeastern Nigeria when a police vehicle was
attacked, media reports said Thursday.
Neymar scores twice in under-20 friendly
Neymar scored twice as Brazil's under-20 team beat Cabofriense on Thursday in a
friendly match at Granja Comary, the headquarters of the national team.
Ljungberg joins Scottish Premier League Celtic
Scottish Premier League (SPL) Celtic leaders announced Thursday that former
Arsenal and West Ham star Freddie Ljungberg has signed for the club.
Michael Clarke to be Australian Cricket Team's captain in fifth
Ashes Test
Australian Cricket Team's vice- captain Michael Clarke on Thursday was installed
as captain, replacing Ricky Ponting after he was ruled out of the fifth and
final Ashes Test against England in Sydney.
S. Korea beats Syria in warm-up for Asian Cup
South Korea edged Syria 1-0 in a friendly match on Thursday in Abu Dhabi,
winning the first of two friendly games scheduled ahead of the Jan. 7-29 Asian
Cup in Qatar.
Barcelona lose captain, Puyol with muscle injury
BBVA Primera Liga leaders FC Barcelona will be without their captain Carles
Puyol for the first two weeks of the season as the result of a muscle problem.
Nilmar setback for Villarreal
Villarreal have suffered their second injury setback in less than a week with
the news that top scorer Nilmar will be out of action for at least the first
month of the New Year.
Nadal: I can't ask for more than I received in 2010
Spanish tennis ace Rafael Nadal said this Thursday that 2010 had probably been
the best year of his career to date.
Business in usual in Spain as judge decides football will be
played this Sunday
There will be football played in Spain this Sunday after a Spanish judge decided
he was not authorized to decide on the petition presented by the Spanish players
union (AFE) to postpone this Sunday's league matches.
South Chinese city to host invitational Bridge tournament in
January
An invitational Bridge tournament will be held from Jan.6 to 9 in Haikou,
capital of southern China's Hainan province, organizers said on Thursday.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 30
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 30:
1st Ld Writethru: Pharmaceutical workshop blast kills 5, injures
8 in SW China
A deadly blast at a pharmaceutical workshop in southwest China's Yunnan Province
killed five and injured eight others Thursday, said local authorities.
Top Chinese leaders watch Peking Opera in New Year gala
Top Chinese leaders including President Hu Jintao on Thursday watched Peking
Opera at the National Center for the Performing Arts in a gala to celebrate the
New Year.
China Tibet Online launches new Tibetan language version
China's leading multilingual website dedicated to Tibet-related topics on
Thursday renewed its Tibetan language version with more contents of news,
religion, culture, health and folk customs.
Chinese vice premier calls for close supervision of orphan
allowance
BEIJING, Dec. 31 (Xinhua) - Chinese Vice Premier Hui Linagyu Thursday urged
efforts be made to supervise the distribution and use of the living allowance
for orphans.
China Cultural, Archaeological News in Brief: Ancient tomb
founded; Gold ornaments  discovered; American Modern Prints
Exhibition
The following are China's cultural and archaeological news items in brief:
Chinese shares open mixed Friday
Chinese shares opened mixed Friday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index
down 0.01 percent to 2,759.16 at the opening.
China stock index futures open mixed Friday
China's stock index futures opened mixed Friday. The contract for settlement in
January 2011, the most actively traded, opened flat from the previous trading
day at 3,097.8.
ChiNext Index opens slightly higher Friday
ChiNext Index was up 0.15 points to open at 1,117.36 points Friday.
Disabled in Beijing to get higher subsidies
The 109,900 people with disabilities in the capital will receive an annual total
of 215 million yuan (32.5 million U.S. dollars) in living subsidies from the New
Year, according to the Beijing Disabled Persons' Federation (BDPF).
1st LD: China's yuan hits new record high at 6.6227 per USD
On the last trading day of 2010, the Chinese currency, the yuan, strengthened to
a record high for a second consecutive day, at 6.6227 per U.S. dollar, after 11
consecutive days of gains.
2nd LD-Writethru: China's yuan hits new record high at 6.6227 per
USD
The Chinese currency, the yuan, strengthened to a record high against the U.S.
dollar for a second consecutive day Friday, at 6.6227 per U.S. dollar on the
last trading day of the year after 11 consecutive days of gains.
Wells dry up, ground-water levels fall as drought parches east
China
Lingering drought has left 338 small reservoirs in east China's Shandong
Province dry, authorities said Friday.
100 mln rural China residents enjoy new pension scheme: official
About 100 million rural residents are expected to join China's government-
subsidized rural pension scheme by the end of 2010, Yin Weimin, minister of
human resources and social security, said Thursday.
China cracks down on Internet pornography
China said Thursday it shut more than 60,000 pornographic websites in the first
11 months of the year, greatly improving the Internet's cultural environment.
China to celebrate 90th anniversary of CPC
"merrily","economically"
China will celebrate the 90th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party
of China (CPC) "merrily" and "economically" next year, a government official
said Thursday.
1st LD Writethru: China's online population rises to 450 mln:
official
The number of Chinese netizens had risen to 450 million by the end of November,
up 20.3 percent year on year, Wang Chen, head of China's State Council
Information Office, said Thursday.
Hong Kong stocks down 0.13 pct by midday
Hong Kong stocks moved down 30.42 points, or 0.13 percent, to close Thursday's
morning session at 22,938.88 points.
Another 15 foreign agencies approved to release financial
information in China
China approved another 15 foreign agencies' applications to publish financial
information in China this year, bringing the total number to 25, the State
Council Information Office (SCIO) said Thursday.
1st Ld-Writethru: Chinese president visits low-income families
Chinese President Hu Jintao has visited low-income families in Beijing ahead of
the New Year, as he extends his best wishes to people nationwide.
5 die, 8 injured in SW China pharmaceutical workshop blast
Five people were killed and eight others injured Thursday when a pharmaceutical
workshop in southwest China's Yunnan Province exploded, local authorities said.
Chinese mainland, Taiwan agree on more cross-Strait flights for
Spring Festival
Chinese mainland and Taiwan have agreed to have more cross-Strait flights during
next year's Spring Festival period, a statement from the mainland-based Cross-
Strait Aviation Transport Exchange Council said Thursday.
Man sentenced to death for blasting tax office in central China
A court in central China's Hunan Province sentenced a man to death Thursday for
setting off explosives at a local tax office in July, killing four people and
injuring 20.
Chinese society more tolerant of "gender benders": survey
About 80 percent people said they do not discriminate against effeminate men or
masculine women, according to a survey published in Thursday's China Youth
Daily.
Chinese shares close higher on Thursday
Chinese equities continued Wednesday's rise, with the benchmark Shanghai
Composite Index up 0.29 percent, or 8.04 points, to close at 2,759.57 points on
Thursday.
Shanghai stock indices up -- Dec. 30
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,759.58 points Thursday, up 8.05 points, or 0.29 percent, from the previous
close.
Shenzhen stock indices mixed -- Dec. 30
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed higher
Thursday to end at 12,138.9 points, up 24.33 points, or 0.2 percent.
Home of China's "Bigfoot" plans to shoot Avatar-like 3D film on
the elusive beast
Central China's Shennongjia Forest District, the rumored hometown of a Bigfoot-
like ape-man, plans to shoot an Avatar-like 3D movie about the district's
elusive beast, said a spokesman for the district government's information office
Thursday.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec. 30
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at 3,064.1 points Thursday, up 2.27 points, or 0.07
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 30
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1,
climbed 3.9 points, or 0.35 percent, to close at 1,117.21 Thursday.
Thousands of livestock die in blizzard-hit north China county
At least 2,290 livestock are dead with many others facing starvation after a
blizzard brought heavy snow to a county in north China's Inner Mongolia
Autonomous Region on Wednesday night.
China stock index futures close up -- Dec. 30
China's stock index futures closed up Thursday with the contract for January
2011, the most actively traded, up 0.35 percent from the previous trading day to
end at 3,093.8 points.
China non-ferrous metals trade up 46.5 percent in first 11 months
China's non-ferrous metals imports and exports rose 46.5 percent year on year to
108.48 billion U.S. dollars in the first 11 months of the year, the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said Thursday.
Chinese vice premier to visit five African nations
Chinese Vice Premier Hui Liangyu will pay official visits to five African
nations from Jan. 6 to 19, said Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu Thursday.
Arsonist executed in central China for airport shuttle bus fire
An arsonist convicted of setting an airport shuttle bus on fire was executed in
central China's Hunan Province Thursday, said local police.
1st Ld: Beijing opens five new metro lines amid increasing
traffic pressures
Beijing opened five new suburban subway and light rail lines Thursday as it
moves to tackle the city's chronic traffic congestion problem though the
development of its rapid transit network.
Taiwan shares close up 0.46 percent
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Thursday with the weighted index up 41.56
points, or 0.46 percent, to close at 8,907.91, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Hong Kong stocks close up 0.13 pct
Hong Kong stocks closed up 30.04 points, or 0.13 percent, at 22,999.34 on
Thursday.
China court sentences two campus killers, one to death, one to
life
A court in southwest China's Sichuan Province has sentenced a student to death
and another to life imprisonment for murder after a pair of campus attacks
earlier this year.
57 mln jobs created in China over 2006-2010 period: MHRSS
A total of 57 million jobs will have been created in China's urban areas over
the 2006-2010 period, the Minister of Human Resources and Social Security
(MHRSS) Yin Weimin said Thursday.
China supports DPRK-ROK dialogue, stresses six-party talks
China on Thursday expressed "sincere hope and support" for dialogue between the
two sides on the Korean Peninsula.
China Cultural, Archaeological News in Brief: Mural tombs; Tai
Chi center; New year  concert
The following are some Chinese cultural and archaeological news items in brief.
Eleven Chinese get jail terms for human trafficking in east China
Eleven Chinese were sentenced Thursday for up to 19 years in prison for
attempting to traffick people out of the country from east China's Shandong
Province.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 30
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 30:
China worried about tension in Cote d'Ivoire: spokeswoman
China said Thursday it was worried about the current tension in Cote d'Ivoire.
China Exclusive: From metal rock to Wagner: China's cultural
industry drive diversifies  people's playbill
by Xinhua writer Zuo Yuanfeng, Fu Shuangqi
Chinese SOEs ordered to hand over more profits next year
The centrally-administered state- owned enterprises (SOEs) were ordered to hand
over 5 percent more of their after-tax profits to the central government
beginning 2011, according to a statement by the Ministry of Finance (MOF) on
Thursday.
Roundup: HK shares end slightly up
Hong Kong shares ended slightly higher Thursday, tracking gains on the Chinese
mainland after economic data showed the country's manufacturing activity
continued to expand in December.
China to improve system to disclose gov't, party affairs:
official
China will improve the disclosing of government, party affairs through the
spokesperson system, said Wang Chen, head of China's State Council Information
Office Thursday.
China launches security inspection of school buses after 14
students die in crash
China has launched a one-month security inspection of the country's school buses
following Monday's deadly accident leaving 14 students dead.
First high-speed railway opens in China's southernmost island
A high-speed railway opened Thursday in Hainan, China's southernmost province,
greatly cutting travel time along the island's eastern coast.
Qinghai answers premier's call to reduce heating costs for quake
survivors
China's Qinghai provincial government has taken steps to drop coal prices and
raise the heating subsidy for local residents in quake-hit Yushu, answering
Premier Wen Jiabao's call to help quake survivors get through the cold winter.
Railway linking major Silk Road towns opens in NW China
URUMQI, Dec. 30 (Xinhua) - A railway linking Kashi and Hotan in northwest
China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region opened Thursday for cargo
transportation, and passenger transport is expected to begin in June, according
to a local official.
China to kick off election of engineering academicians
BEIJING, Dec. 30 (Xinhua) - The Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE) will kick
off the biennial election of academicians on Jan. 1, 2011.
1st Ld Writethru: 57 mln jobs created in China over 2006-2010
period
A total of 57 million jobs will have been created in China's urban areas over
the 2006-2010 period, the Minister of Human Resources and Social Security
(MHRSS) Yin Weimin said Thursday.
China pours 16 bln yuan into rural radio, TV services from 2006
to 2010
China' s central and local governments poured some 16 billion yuan (2.4 billion
U.S. dollars), from 2006 to 2010, into building basic radio and TV networks that
now cover  "every village."
China issues surrender deadline for human traffickers
China's law enforcement agencies have set a
Gold price closes higher in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong rose 90 HK dollars to close at 13,113 HK dollars per
tael Thursday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
China Enterprises Index rises 0.63 pct -- Dec. 30
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index rose 78.32 points, or 0.63 percent, to
close at 12,586.84 Thursday.
2nd Ld Writethru-China Focus: Beijing opens five new subway lines
amid increased  traffic pressures
Beijing opened five new suburban subway and light rail lines Thursday as it
moves to tackle the city's chronic traffic congestion problem through the
development of its rapid mass transit network.
Traffic snarl-up strands nearly 2,000 vehicles on northwest China
highway
A traffic jam caused by ongoing road works and severe weather has stranded
nearly 2,000 vehicles on a main highway in northwest China's Gansu Province, the
local government said Thursday.
Corrupt former Party discipline chief executed in central China
A former Party discipline chief in a central China city was executed Thursday
after being convicted of multiple counts of crime, said a local court.
China's 2010 weather most extreme in past ten years: official
China experienced the most frequent and severe weather during 2010, compared to
weather in other years of the past decade, a weather official said here
Thursday.
China suggests people traveling to Uganda take precautions
against yellow fever
The Ministry of Commerce said Thursday that Chinese citizens who travel to
Uganda should keep a close watch on the development of yellow fever, which has
killed at least 40 people in the African nation.
China publishes new forex market maker guidelines
China's State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) Thursday issued new
guidelines on foreign exchange market makers and classified them into three
types in a move aimed at increasing liquidity on China's foreign exchange market
and boosting its development.
Shanghai to speed up listing of state-owned assets: official
The Shanghai municipal government will speed up listing of its state-owned
enterprises (SOE) next year as this work is given priority, said a senior local
official Thursday.
China to guarantee subsistence for low-income groups amid
inflation
China's Ministry of Civil Affairs (MCA) has
HK's retail sales up 17.9 pct in November
Hong Kong's total retail sales in November increased 17.9 percent for the same
month last year, reaching around 27 billion HK dollars (3.47 billion U.S.
dollars), regional authorities said Thursday.
HK to start enhanced deposit protection in 2011
The enhanced deposit protection scheme of the international financial hub
providing a higher protection limit of 500,000 HK dollars (about 64,243 U.S.
dollars) will come into operation on Jan. 1 next year, Monetary Authority of
Hong Kong announced on Thursday.
Hong Kong to expand hair drug-testing with new instruments:
official
Hong Kong's hair drug-testing scheme, launched in June, would provide more free
hair testing to drug addiction treatment organizations with new instruments, an
official with the city's government said Thursday.
Macao's trade deficit reaches 443 mln USD in November
MACAO, Dec. 30 (Xinhua) - Macao recorded a trade deficit of 3.5 billion patacas
(443 million U.S. dollars) in November 2010, as merchandise export dropped by
10.8 percent year-on-year, according to the figures released on Thursday by the
city's Statistics and Census Service (DSEC).
1st LD-Writethru-China Focus: Pensions no longer a dream for
China's aging villagers
Still tilling their plot of land in north China's Hebei Province, 78-year-old
Wang Jinshan and his 72 -year-old wife, who are not even familiar with the
concept of social security, receive 110 yuan (16.7 U.S. dollars) in pension
payments each month.
China ranks higher up on earth by stock market capitalization
China has 2,062 listed companies, ranking the second in the world by market
capitalization of stocks, said Shang Fulin, chairman of the China Securities
Regulatory Commission, Thursday.
Facts and Figures: China's efforts in fighting porn, illegal
publications in 2010
China has made steady progress in containing the spread of illegal publications
and cracking down on the dissemination of lewd content through the Internet and
mobile phones in 2010, according to the National Office Against Pornographic and
Illegal Publications.
Consumers, flour makers divided over adding of food additive
China's Ministry of Health said in a
Eleven killed in Egypt bus accident
Rescuers have retrieved bodies of 11 people in Egypt's southern city of Minya
after a bus carrying more than 60 people overturned in floodwater, local media
reported Friday.
Roundup: Founding of state, inter-reconciliation top
Palestinians' agenda in 2011
by Osama Radi, Saud Abu Ramadan
Fayyad says Palestinians face challenge for freedom struggle in
2011
Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad said on Friday that the year 2011 will
be a year of challenge for the Palestinian people in their struggle to achieve
freedom.
Sudanese president calls for broad-base government to unite
internal front
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on Friday called for formation of a broad-base
government that includes all Sudanese political parties to unite the county's
internal front.
New Zealand governor-general sends New Year message
New Zealand Governor-General Anand Satyanand said 2010 was marked by disasters
and tragedies but New Zealanders' response to them showed the strength and
resilience of their character.
Australian PM optimistic about 2011
Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard is optimistic about 2011, saying
Australians will do amazing things this year.
Japanese fleet forced to abandon whale hunt in Southern Ocean
Anti-whaling activists aboard ships in the Southern Ocean said they have located
a Japanese whaling fleet before it was able to start catching the mammals.
Huge crowds attend New Year's Eve celebrations in Australia's
Melbourne
A scorching hot day and the threat of evening thunderstorms did not stop huge
crowds attending New Year's Eve celebrations in Melbourne of Australia, local
media reported on Saturday.
Roundup: Blizzard disrupts traffic in Japan, causes casualties
Blizzard and extreme weather disrupted traffic in western and northern Japan as
people headed back to their hometowns for the New Year, and caused casualties in
some parts of the country.
Total value of Singapore-listed firms hits year-end record
The value of companies listed on the Singapore Exchange totaled 846.1 billion
Singapore dollars ( 650.8 billion U.S. dollars) at the end of 2010, beating the
2007 year-end high of 797.8 billion Singapore dollars (613.7 billion U. S.
dollars), local media reported Saturday.
More people seeking help for eating disorders in Singapore
A wider range of people are suffering from eating disorders in Singapore, from
working adults in their 30s to pre-teens as young as eight, said doctors.
UNWTO to attend inauguration ceremony of Nepal Tourism Year-2011
The secretary general of the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO),
including tourism ministers of seven South Asian Association for Regional
Cooperation (SAARC) nations are all set to attend the inauguration ceremony of
Nepal Tourism Year - 2011 (NTY-2011) at the Dashrath Stadium in the capital
Kathmandu on Jan. 14.
Air passengers' arrival in Nepal increases 56 pct in decade
The arrival of air passengers went up by 56 percent and that of aircraft
increased by 66 percent in the country in the past one decade based on the
situation of international air traffic in 2009, said the Civil Aviation
Authority of Nepal (CAAN).
Urgent: U.S. drone strike kills 6 in NW Pakistan
At least six people were killed in a strike by U.S. drone aircraft in Pakistan's
northwest tribal area of North Waziristan on Saturday, local TV channels
reported.
1st LD Writethru: U.S. drone strike kills 6 in NW Pakistan
At least six people were killed in a strike by U.S. drone aircraft in Pakistan's
northwest tribal area of North Waziristan on Saturday, local TV channels
reported.
Singaporeans least likely to worry about housing: survey
Singapore has emerged last in the latest Gallup poll of 128 countries on
unaffordable housing, local media reported Friday.
1st Ld: 2 moderate tremors occur in Vietnam's northern province
Two earthquakes happened early Friday morning in Vietnam's northern province of
Son La, and they have caused no damages or casualties  so far, Vietnam News
Agency reported.
1st LD Writethru: 2 Afghan policemen killed in operation
Two Afghan policemen were killed in an operation in Afghanistan's northern
Takhar province, spokesman for provincial administration said Friday.
Monarchist slams Australia's new history cirriculum
Australia's monarchist on Friday criticized a planned national history
curriculum, saying it teaches young Australians almost nothing about their
heritage.
Indian gov't asks telecom department to validate Blackberry
claims
The Indian government has asked its telecom department to verify whether
Blackberry complied with its mandate to provide interception tools for its
messenger chats by this year end, reported local daily The Economic Times on
Friday.
Sri Lanka to arrest more military deserters
Over 45,000 military deserters remain to be arrested in a campaign beginning mid
November, a spokesman said Friday.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT, Dec. 31
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak nominated Friday a new culture minister and
a knowledge economy minister in a small cabinet shakeup, his office Cheong Wa
Dae said.
Australia's flood crisis worsens, forcing more evacuations
Australia's Queensland Premier Anna Bligh said on Friday that a flood crisis was
emerging in Emerald in central Queensland with more evacuations being expected.
Roundup: 2011 to be tough year for Australian troops operating in
Afghanistan
by Vienna Ma
Fiji PM applauds China's support in country's development
Suva, Dec. 31 (Xinhua) -- Fiji's Prime Minister Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama on
Friday applauded China's support in developing Fiji, saying "it has been a
rewarding and productive year that has greatly enhanced the spirit of mutual
cooperation and respect between Fiji and China."
37 Cambodians killed by dengue fever in 2010
Cambodia registered 12,347 cases of dengue fever which left 37 people dead,
mostly children, in 2010, said a health official on Friday.
Roundup: Vietnam's stocks close up on last trading session of
this year
Vietnam's stock markets closed higher Friday on investors' improved sentiment in
the last trading session of this year.
Singapore shares close 0.7 pct lower ahead of new year
The shares prices on Singapore Exchange closed lower on Friday, with the
benchmark Straits Times Index (STI) down 22.42 points, or 0.7 percent at
3,190.04.
Indonesian police identify perpetrators of recent Christmas bomb
terror in Central Java
Indonesian police Chief General Timur Pradopo said on Friday that perpetrators
of Molotov cocktail hurling at several churches in Central Java prior to
Christmas eve have been identified, saying that efforts to arrest and dismantle
the network of the perpetrators are underway at the moment.
Roundup: Counter insurgency, terrorism operations fruitful in
2010: Philippine military
The Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) said Friday it had further reduced the
strength of leftist and terrorist groups in the country in 2010, owing to its "
successful operations" throughout the country.
Roundup: Vietnam's gold prices down on global trend
Vietnam's average gold prices closed at 36.1 million Vietnamese dong (about
1,851 U.S. dollars) a tael, equivalent to 1.2 ounce, on Friday, posting a slight
decrease of 50,000 Vietnamese dong (about 2.52 U.S dollars) against the previous
trading session.
79 killed in road accidents during first two days of New Year
holidays in Thailand
A total of 79 people have been killed in road accidents during the first two
days of the seven- day New Year festival from Dec. 29 to Jan. 4, Wibul
Sanguanpong, director-general of the Civil Disaster Prevention and Mitigation
Department, announced on Friday.
News Analysis: Drone strikes lead to disaster in Pakistan
by Misbah Saba Malik
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1000 GMT, Dec. 31
Fiji's Prime Minister Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama on Friday applauded China's
support in developing Fiji, saying "it has been a rewarding and productive year
that has greatly enhanced the spirit of mutual cooperation and respect between
Fiji and China."
2 militants killed in S. Afghanistan: NATO
Afghan and NATO-led forces on Friday killed two militants and captured two
others during patrol in country's southern Helmand province, the military
alliance said.
Indian police question 2 more brokerage firms over Citibank fraud
Two more brokerage firms have come under the scanner of the investigative
agencies in connection with the probe into the over 3 billion rupee (65 million
U.S. dollars) Citibank fraud which came to light this week, police said Friday.
Over 100 tourists stranded in northern India by snow
Over 100 tourists from Bengal and Maharshtra states are stranded in the Kalpa
and Kinnaur regions of Himachal Pradesh in northern India, due to heavy snowfall
and resultant roadblocks.
UNMIN chief promises of UN's long-standing support to Nepal after
departure
"The United Nations will continue its long-standing support for sustainable
peace in Nepal even after United Nations Mission In Nepal (UNMIN)'s departure,"
said Chief of UNMIN Karin Landgren here on Friday.
Indian stocks close up 0.59 pct
The Indian stock benchmark Sensex closed up 120.02 points or 0.59 percent Friday
on projected high economic growth this year.
Xinhua summary of Asia-Pacific stocks news at 1100 GMT, Dec. 31
Hong Kong stocks closed up 36.11 points, or 0.16 percent, at 23,035.45 on
Friday. Turnover totaled 30.225 billion HK dollars.
Sri Lanka to host Asia-Pacific Regional Scout Jamboree in 2012
Sri Lanka will be the next venue for the Asia-Pacific Regional Scout Jamboree in
2012, an official said Friday.
Nepal sees 125 days of strike in 2010
Nepal saw 125 days of strikes throughout the country  in 2010, an average of 10
strikes per month, according to police statistics.
S. Korea's Lee draws rosy picture of New Year
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak started the year 2011 on a hopeful note in
his New Year's message released Saturday, putting the turbulent year behind him.
Feature: Nepalese rejoicing New Year 2011 with charm
By Sweta Baniya
NATO soldier killed in Afghanistan
A soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) was
killed Friday in an Improvised Explosive Device (IED) attack in Afghanistan's
restive southern provinces, the military alliance said.
Revellers welcome 2011 around New Zealand
Revellers were attending New Year celebrations around New Zealand with police
reporting that they had no major problems.
Sri Lanka to go on line for visit visas
Sri Lanka is to introduce on line visas for travelers to the island, an official
release said here Friday.
Singapore economy grows 14.7 pct in 2010
The Singapore economy grew 14.7 percent in 2010, with a growth of 12.5 percent
in the fourth quarter, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said Friday.
Sri Lanka to rehabilitate beggars
Measures are in progress to curb the beggar population in Sri Lanka by
rehabilitating them to be worthy citizens, a Sri Lankan government minister said
on Friday.
(Recast) Sri Lanka to rehabilitate beggars
Measures are in progress to curb the beggar population in Sri Lanka by
rehabilitating them to be worthy citizens, a Sri Lankan government minister said
on Friday.
Boat capsizes in Malaysia, 5 missing
Throwing the authority's warning to the air, and insisting on going fishing in
the rough sea, five fishermen, including four Thais, ended up missing when their
fishing boat capsized on Thursday.
Roundup: Pakistan KSE ends year 2010 above 12,000 levels
Despite of a meager correction on last trading day of the year 2010, equities at
Pakistan's Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) managed to enter into the new year above
the psychological levels of 12,000 here Friday.
U.S. drone strike kills 3 people in NW Pakistan
At least three people were killed in a strike by U.S. drone aircraft in
Pakistan's northwest tribal area of North Waziristan on Friday, local TV
channels reported.
Pakistan, India to exchange nuclear data
Pakistan and India will exchange lists of nuclear installations and facilities
on Saturday in spite of tension over the 2008 Mumbai attacks that has disrupted
the dialogue process between the two countries.
Malaysians urged to build better future
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak urged all Malaysians to work with the
Malaysian government to place the country in its rightful position.
Pakistani leaders greet Chinese counterparts on friendship year
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani
Friday greeted their Chinese counterparts on the occasion of commencement of the
Year of Friendship between the two countries, the Foreign Ministry said.
Xinhua Asia-Pacific news summary at 1600 GMT, Dec. 31
"The United Nations will continue its long- standing support for sustainable
peace in Nepal even after United Nations Mission In Nepal (UNMIN)'s departure,"
said Chief of UNMIN Karin Landgren here on Friday.
Seoul celebrates New Year's Eve with bell-ringing ceremony
On New Year's Eve, an ocean of revelers gathered around Boshingak, a historic
pavilion in central Seoul, to bid farewell to 2010 and greet the New Year with
the annual bell-ringing ceremony.
Some Thai people hold New Year countdown at military crack-down
site
Tens of thousands of Thai people on Friday joined a major New Year countdown in
central Bangkok at the spot which was the scene of a deadly military crack-down
of anti-government "red-shirt" protesters earlier this year.
1st LD:  2nd Bomb explosion hits Abuja church
Another bomb explosion rocked a church in Abuja, capital of Nigeria, on Friday.
Urgent: Laurent Gbagbo of Cote d'Ivoire says not to step down as
president
Laurent Gbagbo of Cote d'Ivoire said on Friday that he would not step down as
president.
1st LD: Laurent Gbagbo of Cote d'Ivoire says not to step down as
president
Laurent Gbagbo of Cote d'Ivoire said on Friday that he would not step down as
president.
5th LD Writethru: Bomb Explosion hits Nigerian military barrack
in Abuja, heavy casualties feared
A bomb Explosion on Friday hit the busy "Mammy" market attached to the Abacha
Barracks in the Asokoro area of Abuja, capital of Nigeria.
Nigerian president condemns bomb blast in Abuja
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Friday night condemned the bomb blast in
the capital city and ordered the nation's security services to rise to the
occasion and arrest this new and dangerous challenge to the country's peace and
stability.
Nigerian banks to trade in Chinese yuan in 2011
The Nigerian Foreign Exchange market will from January 2011 trade in Chinese
yuan (RMD) in apparent recognition of the money as one of the major currencies
circulating globally.
Nigerian police deploy bomb experts to Jos
The Nigerian Police Force (NPF) high command has deployed bomb experts to
central north Plateau State to begin a thorough investigation into the Christmas
Eve blasts in Jos.
Nigeria's satellite passes pre-launch test
The replaced Nigerian satellite, NIGCOMSAT-1R, has undergone and passed a major
performance test and activities are in top gear for its launch in 2011, an
official has said.
News Analysis: India-Africa ties to be transformed in 2011
by David Musyoka
UNFPA gives support for 2013 census in Gambia
The United Nations Fund for Population Affairs (UNFPA) on Friday provided more
than 11 million U. S. dollars for the 2013 population and housing census in
Gambia.
Urgent: Ouattara's men storm Cote d'Ivoire Embassy in Guinea
More than a dozen supporters of Cote d'Ivoire's Alassane Ouattara on Friday
morning seized the country's embassy in the Guinean capital Conakry.
1st LD Writethru: Ouattara's men storm Cote d'Ivoire Embassy in
Guinea
More than a dozen supporters of Cote d'Ivoire's Alassane Ouattara on Friday
morning seized the country's embassy in the Guinean capital Conakry.
More ministers appointed in Guinea
Ten more ministers were appointed on Thursday night by Guinea's new President
Alpha Conde, brings the number of appointments to 27.
Zimbabweans in South Africa rush to meet legal status deadline
By 1 p.m. on Friday, 232,365 Zimbabweans in South Africa had applied to legalize
their stay, South Africa's home affairs department officials said.
South Africa to attend inauguration ceremony of Brazil president-
elect
South Africa Minister of International Relations and Cooperation Maite Nkoana-
Mashabane will on Saturday attend the inauguration ceremony of Brazil President-
elect Dilma Rousseff in Brasilia, the department has said.
UN mission to change name, mandate in Burundi
The United Nations Integrated Office in Burundi (BINUB) is migrating from the
United Nations Office in Burundi (BNUB) as of Saturday, a senior UN official
said.
South Africa to assume UN Security Council seat in new year
South Africa will on Saturday assume its seat as a non-permanent member of the
United Nations Security Council for 2011 and 2012.
Nigerian police arrest 92 suspected sect members over attacks
Nigerian police said on Friday that it has arrested 92 suspected members of the
militant Islamic sect known as Boko Haram following the series of violent
attacks that buffeted Maiduguri, the Borno State capital in northeast Nigeria in
recent days.
Nigerian electoral chief sees oil rich state re-run poll as test
for general elections
Chairman of Nigeria's Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Atahiru
Jega said on Friday that a re-run governorship election in oil-rich Delta State
will be a test case for the general elections in April.
Nigerian president pledges improvement in infrastructure,
security, power in 2011
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has promised the nation significant
improvement in security, power supply, national infrastructure, education,
healthcare and employment generation in 2011.
South African president vows to create more jobs in 2011 in New
Year's message
The South African government, business, labor and other sectors should work
together to focus on growing the economy to create more jobs, South African
President Jacob Zuma said in his New Year's message on Friday.
Urgent: Explosion hits Nigerian military barrack in Abuja: media
report
An Explosion hit the military barrack in Nigerian capital Abuja on Friday, media
report said.
1st LD: Explosion hits Nigerian military barrack in Abuja
An Explosion hit the military barrack in Nigerian capital Abuja on Friday.
2nd LD: Explosion hits Nigerian military barrack in Abuja
An Explosion hit the military barrack in Nigerian capital Abuja on Friday.
3rd LD: Explosion hits Nigerian military barrack in Abuja
An Explosion hit the military barrack in Nigerian capital Abuja on Friday.
4th LD: Bomb Explosion hits Nigerian military barrack in Abuja
A bomb Explosion on Friday hit the busy "Mammy" market attached to the Abacha
Barracks in the Asokoro area of Abuja, capital of Nigeria.
Urgent: 2nd bomb explosion hit Abuja church
Another bomb explosion rocked a church in Abuja, capital of Nigeria, on Friday.
Stocks open lower on the last trading day of year
U.S. stocks opened lower Friday as traders were locking in profits at the end of
year.
Poland's anti-discrimination law takes effect on January 1
An anti-discrimination law that prohibits discrimination based on sex, race,
ethnic origin, nationality, religion, world view, disability, age or sexual
orientation, becomes operative in Poland as of 1 January 2011.
Russian stocks close higher
Russia's two main stock exchanges closed Friday with both key indexes higher.
Polish PM sees hard work in EU presidency
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk said on Friday that the country should brace
itself for hard work when it assumes the presidency of the European Union in the
second half of 2011.
French president to visit U.S. in early January
French President Nicolas Sarkozy will begin his visit to the United States on
January 10, the president's office confirmed to Xinhua on Friday.
U.S. stocks turn mixed on last trading day of year
U.S. stocks turn mixed as traders were locking in profits at the end of year.
News Analysis: New year to see new features of UN Security
Council
by Xinhua writer Gu Zhenqiu
UN chief appoints new special representative to Burundi
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki- moon has appointed Karin Landgren his new special
representative for Burundi and head of the UN Office in Burundi (BNUB), a UN
statement announced here Friday.
Macedonia strives for NATO and EU membership: president
Macedonian President Gjorge Ivanov said Friday that his country is still working
toward the goal of achieving accession into NATO and the European Union.
Tunisian swimmer Mellouli elected Best Arab Sportsman of the year
The Tunisian Olympic swimmer Oussama Mellouli was recently selected as the best
Arab sportsman for 2010, by Egypt's "Al Ahram Al Arabi" magazine, reported the
official press agency TAP on Friday.
Belarus decides not to extend mandate of OSCE office
Minsk, Dec. 31 (Xinhua) -- Belarus has decided not to extend the mandate of the
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE)'s office in Minsk,
the Foreign Ministry said on Friday.
Moldova's former PM designated to form new cabinet
Moldova's Parliament Speaker and Interim President Marian Lupu Friday signed the
decree to designate former Prime Minister Vlad Filat to form the new government,
news reaching here reported.
Roundup: French stocks end 2010 in red on morose bank shares
by Sonia Ounissi
Interview: Russia-China pipeline to shape new global energy
market: expert
The energy sector has been a core of Russia-China cooperation, and the launch of
the new oil pipeline between Russia's East Siberia and China's city of Daqing
would be significant to the global energy market, a Russian expert told Xinhua
on the last day of 2010, or on the eve of the pipeline becoming operational on
Jan. 1, 2011.
Georgian president pardons 407 prisoners on New Year eve
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili Friday pardoned 407 prisoners on the New
Year eve. Of the pardoned, 339 were to leave jail on Friday to join their
families and friends in time for the New Year celebration.
Obama lauds Ukraine's shipment of uranium to Russia
U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday lauded Ukraine's shipment of highly
enriched uranium for secure disposal in Russia, saying the move "advances a top
priority for my administration and for global security."
Urgent: Estonia officially adopts single European currency
Estonia on Saturday officially adopted the euro, the single European currency,
becoming the 17th member of the eurozone.
Urgent: Gold strikes record settlement in last trading day of
2010
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose to a
record settlement price amid low trading volume on Friday, the last trading day
of 2010, as U.S. dollar retreated against its major rivals, enhancing gold's
appeal as an alternative investment.
1st Ld: Estonia officially adopts single European currency
Estonia on Saturday officially adopted the euro, the single European currency,
becoming the 17th member of the eurozone.
More skilled workers applying for holiday jobs in U.S.: report
With the unemployment rate remaining high across the U.S., an increasing number
of skilled or white-collar workers are applying for holiday jobs, whether
delivering packages or working in stores, a newspaper report said on Friday.
Urgent: Crude prices slightly higher at year end
Crude prices climbed slightly higher on Friday as investors took profits before
year-end. Light, sweet crude for January delivery rose 1.54 cents to 91.38 U.S.
dollars a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
1st Ld-Writethru: Train collision injures 50 in Argentine capital
The number of people injured in a train collision in the Argentine capital of
Buenos Aires has risen to 50, officials said Friday.
Gold strikes record high on last trading day of 2010
Gold futures on the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose to a
record settlement price amid low trading volume on Friday, the last trading day
of 2010, as U.S. dollar retreated against its major rivals, enhancing gold's
appeal as an alternative investment.
1st Ld-Writethru: Oil climbs above 91 dollars on year end
Crude prices climbed back above 91 dollars on Friday amid a weak dollar.
Greece PM hopes for end of recession in 2011
ATHENS, Dec. 31 (Xinhua)-- The New Year will be the last year of recession in
Greece, Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou said in a New Year's message on
Friday.
Estonia's Tallinn becomes European Capital of Culture for 2011
Estonia's capital of Tallinn on Saturday officially became the European Capital
of Culture for the year of 2011.
Sarkozy vows to carry on reform through 2011
French President Nicolas Sarkozy vowed Friday in his New Year greeting to carry
on reforms through 2011 till the end of his tenure.
Romanian president calls on nation to welcome New Year with hope
Romanian President Traian Basescu Friday called on the nation to welcome the new
year with optimism.
Romanian PM convinced of better time in 2011
Romanian Prime Minister Emil Boc on Friday voiced conviction that the tough
measures enforced in 2010 will yield fruit in 2011.
Chile's University in pursuit of Argentine midfielder Garcia
Jorge Cyterszpiller, representative of Argentine midfielder Matias Perez Garcia,
said on Friday that he is negotiating with Chile's soccer team University so
that Garcia can be transferred from All Boys de Argentina to Jorge Sampaoli's
team.
Robbers take hostages at bank in U.S. state Texas
Six hostages were taken Friday during a robbery at a Chase Bank in the U.S.
state of Texas, police said.
5 killed, 63 injured in bus crash in Peru
Five people died and 63 were injured on Friday when a bus full of passengers
fell 300 meters off the highway between Lima and Huancayo, the head of Transit
Juan Carlos Rodriguez Revolledo said.
U.S. condemns attacks on Iraqi Christians
U.S. State Department on Friday condemned Thursday's series of attacks in Iraq
that targeted the country's Christians.
Urgent: DPRK New Year Editorial stresses inter-Korean relations
and denuclearization
A joint editorial issued here on Saturday by state media of the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) stressed the need to improve inter-Korean
relations and achieve peace in Northeast Asia and denuclearization of the whole
Korean Peninsula.
Medvedev vows to build modern Russia in new year speech
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev Friday vowed to build "a modern country"
together with the Russians, and stressed the importance of the work concerning
children in a  televised new year speech.
Year-ender: 2010 sees rebound, changing trends in technology M&amp;A
by Wendy Qi
1st Ld-Writethru: U.S. stocks post double-digit gains in 2010
U.S. stocks ended mixed on the last trading day of 2010,while all three major
indexes still gained double digits for the second straight year.
Chicago corn soars to 29-month high in the last trading session
of 2010
Chicago corn hit a fresh 29-month high on Friday, the last trading session of
2010, as a break in U. S. dollar fueled fund-buying. Soybean reached a 28-month
high on increasing concerns over the drier-than-normal weather in Argentina.
Wheat also posted a substantial gain.
News analysis: Oil ends 15 pct up in 2010, heading to new highs
By Xinhua Writer Qiao Jihong
News Analysis: U.S. stocks to climb wall of worry in 2011
By Xinhua writer Niu Hairong
All hostages released after bank standoff in U.S. state Texas
All seven hostages were released after a five-hour standoff at a Chase Bank in
the U.S. state of Texas, police said Friday.
Train collision injures 37 in Argentine capital
A collision between two trains injured at least 37 people, three critically, in
the Argentine capital Friday.
Roundup: Estonia sets to adopt euro amid debt crisis
Estonia was set to adopt the euro on Saturday and become the 17th member of the
euro zone when the single currency club was mired in a sovereign debt crisis.
Urgent: At least 3 killed in blast near Alexandria church in
Egypt
At least three people were killed and 11 others wounded in a midnight explosion
near a church in Egypt's Alexandria, hospital sources told Xinhua early
Saturday.
3 dead, 2 missing as boat sinks off Panama
Three people died and two others went missing after a passenger boat sank
Thursday night off Panama's Pacific coast, authorities said on Friday.
Brazil welcomes South Africa's entry to BRIC
The Brazilian government Friday welcomed South Africa's entry to the BRIC,
formed by Brazil, Russia, India and China.
1st LD: 4 dead, several injured in blast near Egyptian church
At least four people were killed and several others wounded in a midnight car
bomb explosion near a church in Egypt's Alexandria, hospital sources told Xinhua
early Saturday.
Hungary takes over rotating EU presidency
Hungarian President Pal Schmitt reminded his countrymen of broader
responsibilities as the Central European nation took over the rotating
presidency of the European Union (EU) on Saturday.
Roundup: Estonia officially joins euro zone
by Xinhua writer Yang Jingzhong
Urgent: 7 dead, 25 injured in blast near Egyptian church
Seven people were killed and 25 others were wounded in a car bombing attack near
a church in Egypt's Alexandria after midnight early Saturday, officials said.
Three dead from tornadoes in Missouri of U.S.
Three people died in a storm that swept through Missouri state, the United
States, on Friday, the Missouri Department of Public Safety said.
Power outage halts train service around Oslo
Train service around the Norwegian capital of Oslo were suspended for 2 and a
half hours during the New Year's Eve due to a failure in the city's power supply
system.
Mexico leads world in forest protection: WB
Mexico now leads the world in sustainable management of forests, with the
designation of more than 800,000 hectares of community forest, the World Bank
(WB) said Friday.
2nd LD Writethru: 7 dead, 25 injured in blast near Egyptian
church
Seven people were killed and 25 others were wounded in a midnight car bombing
attack near a church in Egypt's Alexandria, officials said early Saturday.
Brazil denies Italy's request to extradite ex-radical
On his last day in office, Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Friday
rejected Italy's request to extradite former activist Cesare Battisti.
Hungarian president signs controversial media law
Hungarian President Pal Schmitt has signed a controversial law giving a newly
established Media Council comprehensive power over all media in Hungary,
including Internet news portals and websites.
News Analysis: Could rising oil prices impact U.S. economy?
by Matthew Rusling
Cuba marks revolution anniversary, New Year's Day
While celebrating the New Year's Day, Cubans were also marking the 52nd
anniversary of victory of the revolution led by Fidel Castro, which also falls
on Saturday.
DPRK media greet New Year with calls to denuclearize Korean
Peninsula
Three leading newspapers of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)
issued a joint New Year editorial Saturday, stressing the country's will to
denuclearize the Korean Peninsula.
3rd LD Writethru: 7 dead, 25 injured in blast at Egyptian church
Seven people were killed and 25 others were wounded in a midnight car bombing
attack near a church in Egypt's Alexandria, officials said early Saturday.
Feature: French people greet New Year with mixed sentiments
by Xinhua writer Zhang Xin, Roswana Khan
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0430 GMT, Jan. 1
The energy sector has been a core of Russia-China cooperation, and the launch of
the new oil pipeline between Russia's East Siberia and China's city of Daqing
would be significant to the global energy market, a Russian expert told Xinhua
on the last day of 2010, or on the eve of the pipeline becoming operational on
Jan. 1, 2011.
Xinhua world economic news summary at 0530 GMT, Dec. 31
Venezula will replace dual currency exchange rates against U.S. dollar with a
uniform rate of 4.30 bolivars, officials said on Thursday.
Feature: Global adventure to decipher happiness
After traveling to nearly 200 countries in a year, three young people and their
little brother "Haibao," the blue-colored mascot of Shanghai World Expo 2010,
figured out that people around the world shared the same sources of happiness --
family, friends, music, sports and food.
Feature: A glance at Danish fashion business
by Wu Bo
Interview: China on way to become capital-intensive economy: U.S.
expert
China is being transformed from a labor-intensive economy to a capital-intensive
one, which would benefit the country and the rest of the world, a U.S. expert
said.
Uruguay, Syria offer aid to Venezuelan flood victims
A total of 18 tons of humanitarian aid for flood victims have reached Venezuela
from Uruguay and Syria, the Venezuelan Foreign Ministry said Thursday.
Roundup: 2010: the year when British government begins to tackle
difficult financial  legacy
2010 is the year when the British government moved to tackle its near-record
public spending deficit, a problem that grew out of the global financial crisis
and which was a difficult legacy the new coalition government inherited from the
former Labor administration after the May 6 general election.
Urgent: Ukraine sends to Russia highly enriched uranium
Ukraine has sent to Russia a majority of its highly enriched uranium, which can
be used in nuclear weapons, local media reported on Friday.
Tough Mongolian winter forecast to get worse
Sixty percent of Mongolia was covered by thick snow and conditions were expected
to worsen, the country's emergency and weather agencies warned Friday.
Xinhua world news summary at 0830 GMT, Dec. 31
Sixteen people have died in heavy storms that were striking southeastern Brazil
this week, authorities said on Thursday.
1st LD: Ukraine moves highly enriched uranium to Russia
Ukraine has sent the majority of its weapons grade uranium to Russia, local
media reported Friday.
London stock market rises slightly in early trade
London stock market rose on Friday with the leading FTSE 100 index up by 12
points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,978 points in early trade led by asset managers Old
Mutual and Investec.
Kerosene tank explodes at Norway's Hydro aluminium factory
A fuel tank for kerosene at a Hydro aluminium factory exploded early Friday
morning near Oslo, causing no injuries as the factory had been closed for the
Christmas holidays, said Bjoen Skaar, a spokesman for Hydro, a major aluminium
producer in Norway.
Backgrounder: Key facts about Estonia
Estonia will become the 17th European Union (EU) country to adopt the euro on
Saturday, at a time when the euro zone is still mired in a debt crisis.
Following are basic facts about the Baltic state.
Russian tycoons' lawyers appeal against verdict
Former Russian tycoons Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Platon Lebedev had appealed
their convictions on embezzlement, oil theft and legalizing stolen property
charges, local media reported Friday.
Kim Jong Il watches tank force training
Kim Jong Il, supreme commander of the Korean People's Army (KPA), has recently
watched the training of a tank division, the official news agency KCNA reported
on Friday.
Yearender: Great science discoveries of 2010
In the year 2010, we are living in a world where the seeds of technological
wonders and scientific breakthroughs are quietly germinating.
Seven in 10 Greeks fear a worse future in 2011: poll
ATHENS, Dec. 31 (Xinhua)-- Seven in 10 Greek citizens fear that 2011 will be
tougher, particularly in economic terms, for their families and the country, but
hope that eventually Greece would not default, according to a poll released
Friday.
Chinese foreign minister calls Mexican, Brazilian counterparts to
exchange greetings,  views
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi separately made telephone calls on Friday
to his Mexican and Brazilian counterparts Patricia Espinosa and Celso Amorim to
exchange new year greetings, views on bilateral ties and issues of common
concern.
Special Report: Hopes, regrets in science in past decade
by Wu Xia, Wang Yanhong
Tidbit: New Year -- A shifting holiday celebration in Armenia
by Xinhua writer Gaochao Yi
Interview: Monuments have rights like people: Greek museum
president
Monuments have rights of their own to reunite just as humans do, a Greek
professor says.
British PM sets four priorities for 2011
Enterprise, aspiration, public service reform and national security would be the
British coalition government's priorities for 2011, Prime Minister David Cameron
said Friday.
London stock market closes lower
The London stock market ended a half- day of trading lower on Friday, with the
leading FTSE 100 index down 71 points, or 1.2 percent, to 5,900 points.
Kyrgyz hold colorful parade to embrace coming of new year
About 1,000 revelers took to the streets here in the Kyrgyz capital on Friday,
celebrating the advent of a new year.
France once again calls on nationals to leave Cote d'Ivoire
On the last day of 2010, the French foreign ministry again called on expatriots
and nationals to leave the politically volatile Cote d'Ivoire.
Russia defends justice of former oil tycoon's conviction
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Friday defended again the convictions of
former oil tycoons Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Platon Lebedev.
France welcomes Estonia's entry into eurozone
France welcomed Estonia's acceptance into the eurozone on Friday, one day before
the beginning of the country's official entry into the alliance.
Merkel backs euro during televised new year speech
Chancellor Angela Merkel emphasized the importance of the euro to Germany during
her new year speech on Friday.
Non-solutions, partitions not in Cyprus' interests: president
Cyprus President Demetris Christofias said Friday that he will continue the
efforts to reunify the divided island through negotiations.
Russia welcomes direct investment from China
Russia welcomes direct investment from China in an effort to expand bilateral
cooperation on trade and finance, a Russian official said Friday.
U.S. stocks open lower on last trading day of year
U.S. stocks opened lower on Friday as traders were locking in profits at the end
of year.
Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Dec. 31
Enterprise, aspiration, public service reform and national security would be the
British coalition government's priorities for 2011, Prime Minister David Cameron
said Friday.
News Analysis: Bumpy road ahead for euro
by Xinhua writer Liu Xiaoyan
Kazakh police confiscate about 23 tons of drugs in 2010
Kazakh police confiscated about 23 tons of drugs in 2010, including more than
129 kilos of heroin, Deputy Interior Minister Amantai Aubakirov says.
Tunisian swimmer voted Best Arab Sportsman of the Year
Tunisian Olympic swimmer Oussama Mellouli was voted as the Best Arab Sportsman
for 2010 by Egypt's Al Ahram Al Arabi magazine, the official press agency TAP
reported on Friday.
Bulls beat Nets in NBA
Carlos Boozer had 20 points and 15 rebounds to help the Chicago Bulls beat the
New Jersey Nets 90-81 on Friday for their 12th victory in 14 NBA games.
Asian Cup fixtures
Following are the fixtures at the 2011 Asian Cup in Qatar between January 7-29:
Cuban chess players reach top 100 in world
Cubans Leinier Dominguez and Lazaro Bruzon finished among the top 100 chess
players in the world, the World Chess Federation (FIDE) said on Friday.
Brazilian wins first Sao Silvestre Marathon title in five years
Brazil's Marilson Gomes dos Santos won the Sao Silvestre Marathon on Friday.
Rio de Janeiro unveils 2016 Olympic logo
The organizers of the 2016 Olympic Games unveiled the official logo in a
ceremony at the legendary Copacabana beach on the New Year's Eve.
England aims to complete 3-1 lead over Australia in final Ashes
Test
English cricketer James Anderson on Friday said the England Cricket Team was not
content to just retain the Ashes and wanted to complete a 3-1 series triumph by
defeating Australia in the final Test.
Real striker Higuain to undergo back operation
Real Madrid's Argentine striker Gonzalo Higuain will have to undergo an
operation on his slipped disc, sports daily Marca reported on Friday.
Tickets for 25th World University Winter Games on sale
Tickets for the 25th World University Winter Games (Universiade) will go on sale
as of January 1, 2011, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported on
Friday.
Wang Zhizhi inspires Bayi to victory against Shandong in CBA
Wang Zhizhi scored 26 points to help Bayi Fubang hold off a late challenge by
Shandong Gold for a 115-110 victory in the ninth round of the Chinese Basketball
Association league (CBA) on the last day of the year 2010.
Federer beats Soderling to reach Abu Dhabi exhibition final
World number two Roger Federer defeated Swede Robin Soderling in three sets to
reach the final of the Mubadala world tennis championship exhibition tournament
in Abu Dhabi.
Xinhua China News Digest at 16:00 GMT, Dec. 31
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 16:00
GMT, Dec. 31:
Two die, 15 missing as DPRK-registered cargo ship sinks
Two sailors died, three were rescued and an additional 15 remain missing after a
DPRK-registered (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) cargo ship sank Friday
in the Yellow Sea.
China's PMI of manufacturing sector drops to 53.9 pct in December
The Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) of China's manufacturing sector dropped to
53.9 percent in December, down 1.3 percentage points from November, the China
Federation of Logistics and Purchasing said Saturday.
Chinese leaders celebrate New Year with political advisors
Chinese President Hu Jintao, along with other leaders, celebrated the New Year
with political advisors Saturday morning in Beijing, where he delivered an
important speech.
1st LD: China's PMI of manufacturing sector drops to 53.9 pct in
December
The Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) of China's manufacturing sector dropped to
53.9 percent in December, down 1.3 percentage points from November, the China
Federation of Logistics and Purchasing said Saturday.
1st Ld-Writethru: 5.1 magnitude quake hits northwest China's
Xinjiang
An earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter Scale hit Wuqia County, Xinjiang
Uygur Autonomous Region at 9:56 a.m. Saturday, according to the China Earthquake
Networks Center.
1st Ld: Chinese leaders celebrate New Year with political
advisors
Chinese President Hu Jintao, along with other leaders, celebrated the New Year
with political advisors Saturday morning in Beijing, where he delivered an
important speech.
Hong Kong stocks close up 0.16 pct
Hong Kong stocks closed up 36.11 points, or 0.16 percent, at 23,035.45 on
Friday.
China to build oral folk literature database for better
preservation
China will build an 840-million- word-long database of oral folk literature to
better preserve its cultural heritage.
Chinese shares close higher to end year
Chinese equities posted large gains on the last trading day of 2010, with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up 1.76 percent, or 48.5 points, to close at
2,808.08 points on Friday.
China Focus: Loo-construction drive on south China's tropical
island of Hainan delights  tourists
China's southernmost island province of Hainan will soon have more public
lavatories -- to the delight of its many tourists.
Shanghai stock indices up -- Dec. 31
China's benchmark Shanghai Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed
at 2,808.08 points Friday, up 48.5 points, or 1.76 percent, from the previous
close.
Shenzhen stock indices up -- Dec. 31
The Shenzhen Component Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed higher Friday
to end at 12,458.55 points, up 319.65 points, or 2.63 percent.
Hushen 300 Index closes up -- Dec. 31
The Hushen 300 Index reflecting the performance of China's Shanghai and Shenzhen
stock exchanges closed at 3,128.26 points Friday, up 64.16 points, or 2.09
percent, from the previous close.
ChiNext Index closes up -- Dec. 31
The ChiNext Index, launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SSE) on June 1,
climbed 20.45 points, or 1.83 percent, to close at 1,137.66 Friday.
China stock index futures close up -- Dec. 31
China's stock index futures closed up Friday with the contract for January 2011,
the most actively traded, up 1.91 percent from the previous trading day to end
at 3,157 points.
Index measuring operating conditions for Chinese companies falls
for 3rd month: report
An index measuring the operating conditions for Chinese companies fell for a
third month amid the government's anti-inflation campaign, a Market News
International (MNI) report said Friday.
Roundup: HK shares end up 5.3 pct higher for 2010
Hong Kong shares rose 0.16 percent in Friday's half-day session on expectations
of an improving economic outlook, and finished 5.3 percent higher for the full
year.
Death toll from NW China mine elevator accident rises to 7
The death toll from a elevator cage accident in a mine in northwest China has
risen to seven after bodies of six workers were retrieved Friday, the provincial
work safety authorities said.
China's revised rules on work-related injury insurance to take
effect on Jan. 1
A revised version of China's Regulation on Work-Related Injury Insurance will
take effect Saturday, raising compensation standards while expanding the
coverage to more organizations.
Wuhan Steel's profit up 20 pct in 2010
China's major steelmaker Wuhan Iron and Steel Group would likely see a
20-percent rise in profits in 2010, despite rising production costs, the company
said in a statement Friday.
1st LD Writethru: Chinese shares close higher to end year, down
14.31 pct annually
Chinese equities posted large gains on the last trading day of 2010, with the
benchmark Shanghai Composite Index up 1.76 percent, or 48.5 points, to close at
2,808.08 points on Friday.
Chinese president delivers New Year address, economic work on top
agenda
Chinese President Hu Jintao put the country's economic tasks on top of next
year's agenda in a New Year address broadcast Friday.
China completes 3rd Shaanxi-Beijing natural gas pipeline
The third natural gas pipeline from northwestern China's Shaanxi Province to
Beijing was completed Friday and will be put into use on Jan. 4, according to an
official of the state-owned China National Petroleum Corp (CNPC).
China's central bank reiterates monetary policy stance in 2011
China will implement a prudent monetary policy in 2011 and ensure consumer
prices stay "basically stable," the central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan said
Friday.
Xinhua China News Digest at 11:00 GMT, Dec. 31
The following are China news stories moved by Xinhua News Agency as of 11:00
GMT, Dec. 31:
1st Ld-Writethru: Chinese president delivers New Year address,
economic work on top  agenda
Chinese President Hu Jintao put the country's economic tasks on top of next
year's agenda in a New Year address broadcast Friday.
China's media watchdog renews call for public supervision of news
reporting
China's media watchdog Friday renewed its call for the public to report cases of
false or misleading news, advising people to make use of the government's three
hotlines.
China Focus: Taiwan's small business owners rejoice as ECFA
tariff reductions start
by Xinhua writer Li Huizi
Trade pact between Hong Kong SAR, New Zealand to be effective on
Jan. 1
The Hong Kong, China - New Zealand Closer Economic Partnership Agreement (CEP
Agreement), which is tantamount to Hong Kong's first free trade agreement with a
foreign economy, will enter into force on Saturday, a spokesman of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region government said Friday.
Taiwan shares close up 0.73 percent
Taiwan's share prices closed higher Friday with the weighted index up 64.59
points, or 0.73 percent, to close at 8,972.50, according to news reaching here
from Taipei.
Chinese writer Shi Tiesheng dies at 59
Shi Tiesheng, a paralyzed Chinese writer, best known for his essay "The Temple
of Earth and I," died of a cerebral hemorrhage in Beijing Friday.
RMB deposits up 38.8 pct in November
Renminbi deposits in Hong Kong rose markedly by 28.8 percent to 279.6 billion
yuan (about 41.73 billion U.S. dollars) at the end of November, according to
statistics published Friday by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.
China to spend New Year Holiday in cold weather
China's meteorological authority said Friday that temperatures across China
would remain low during the three-day New Year Holiday, which starts on
Saturday.
China to allow more exporters to keep revenues overseas
China's foreign exchange regulator announced Friday that it would spread a
program from previously trial regions to the entire nation, allowing exporters,
beginning Saturday, to keep their revenues overseas.
China launches crack down on pirated videos of New Year
blockbusters
The Chinese government has ordered a crackdown on pirated videos of two Chinese
New Year blockbusters "Let the Bullets Fly" and "If You Are the One II."
Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong
The gold price in Hong Kong fell 75 HK dollars to close at 13,038 HK dollars per
tael on Friday, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society.
China Enterprises Index rises 0.84 pct -- Dec. 31
The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index rose 105.59 points, or 0.84 percent, to
close at 12,692.43 on Friday.
Average price of Macao's canned foods increases in December
Macao's Consumer Council said on Friday that it has observed a significant
increase in the average price of local canned foods after a price check earlier
in December.
Macao to strengthen economic development in 2011: CE
Developing local economy and enhancing local people's livelihood are high on the
Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) government's list of priorities in
2011, said Chui Sai On in his New Year Message released on Friday.
Commentary: China's endeavor to boost people's livelihoods,
social equity
China is poised to further improve its people's livelihoods and promote social
equity in 2011, the inaugural year of implementing its development blueprint for
the 12th Five-Year-Plan period.
First supply of Chinese mainland chilled beef arrives in HK
Hong Kong citizens may soon have another choice in buying beef, as the first-
ever supply of chilled beef from the Chinese mainland arrived in the city on
Friday.
HK's foreign assets reach 307.65 bln USD in November
The Exchange Fund of Hong Kong's foreign assets grew by 111.8 billion HK dollars
(14.38 billion U.S. dollars) in November over October to reach 2.3914 trillion
HK dollars (307.65 billion U.S. dollars), the Monetary Authority of Hong Kong
said on Friday.
Subway train production base takes shape in north China's Tianjin
A subway train of six cars being assembled rolled off a production line Friday
at a production base in north China's Tianjin Municipality, according to China
South Locomotive &amp; Rolling Stock Corporation (CSR).
China court sentences one to death, one to life in prison in
fund-raising scam
A court in east China's Jiangsu Province sentenced a man to death and another to
life in prison Friday for illegally raising up to 4 billion yuan (606 million
U.S. dollars) in a fraudulent investment scheme.
